three two hello Barry hi Joe great
double double guns good to see it take a
seat so I'm enjoying my tumeric you are
right superfood it's good Laird
Hamilton's onto something right Laird
Hamilton and Gwyneth Paltrow no no no no
one is a world champion athlete one of
the greatest surfers the world has ever
known the other one is a wonderful
actress who is Iron Man's girlfriend
this is different this is a big
difference and you know a major mogul
and determines what people like me want
to purchase buy and look like she wants
you to put vagina
rocks yeah in there right Jade Jade
stones something like that I don't know
maybe there's a placebo effect that so
when we were talking so well before the
podcast rolled out the I just wanted to
just just start it you know we don't
wouldn't have to talk about presidential
candidates we don't have to talk about
all that but we're in a weird time you
know and to speak to what we're talking
about before we're just talking about
how people are so strange there's so
much so many people there's just a big
disconnect between what people actually
think and what they actually say and I
think this is in my life this is the
first time that I've ever really
experienced this at this level there's a
hysteria because people are being
punished for their real beliefs instead
of like having the ability to express
themselves and have other people
disagree and have some sort of rational
discussion there's this is a strange
time what you have to toe the status quo
you have to toe the line and I'm trying
I've been trying to figure out what it
is but I think a big part of it is the
opposition to Trump I think people's
opposition to Trump is so strong they
lost their minds yeah it seems like the
people that oppose him they just want
complete and total compliance with with
opposition with with this different way
of thinking does that make sense yeah
it's like the stakes are so high that
everyone needs to be on side and an
active part of the resistance and if you
deviate in any way it shows that you're
a squish or that you're actually loyal
to the other side and in fact with that
side of things is doing is that there
omitting the spectrum of what's allowed
to say so so so narrowly that people I
think are becoming kind of secretly
radicalized because in the other way yes
yes and honestly like you're great but I
think one of the reasons you're so
unbelievably popular is because you just
say what you think and you bring other
people on here just say what they think
and the number of places where that
actually happens is unbelievably small
and getting smaller it's so straightened
you get shit for it that's what's really
crazy like you'd I'm I'm a nice person
like my thoughts on these things that I
discussed in the show are well thought
out and I only hope to do good like
legitimately I mean I mock things and I
you know I'm a comedian
but at the end of the day I want
everybody to be happy I really genuinely
do I think that's possible I think it's
possible in small groups right I mean
this is what the analogy I always use if
it was just the three of us on earth I
think we get along great we have our
disagreements but there would be no war
there certainly would none the three of
us wouldn't kill each other right you me
and Jamie he's a good guy but but my
point is like why can't we scale that
out why can't we all just get along in
larger groups what a lot of it is a lack
of communication a lot of it is you know
greed and there's there's so many
different reasons why you can't scale
that to millions and millions of people
but it just seems like there's no no
weirder time where things don't make
sense and progress seems to be stalled
socially than today and like the way
that I think about it lately is I feel
like normalcy is closeted like normal
people I know that have just like very
sensible beliefs are scared to even say
those things out loud right and I think
that that is just a sign of deeply
unhealthy culture and it like it only
contributes to this sort of polarization
and extremes that were that we're seeing
yeah like you were talking about the
denial of the biological differences
between males and females like and we're
that's this is something that people owe
openly we want to support today they
want to pretend that there is no
difference well it's like you can both
believe that there are two sexes and
that there are biological differences
between men and women and also believe
that if someone asks you to call them by
a different pronoun than the one that
they used to go by or whatever that you
want to respect that person and that
life is so hard and why wouldn't you
just go along with that sure those are
two beliefs that many people I know hold
and yet to suggest that gender and sex
are only a construct and is something
that people don't feel like they can
express right now that it's only a
construct I know a lot of people who
feel like they can only say that gender
and sex are a construct oh yeah they're
stuck they're stuck saying that the way
you were phrasing it sound like the
other way I'm saying that like two
things are possible at once shorten can
believe in biological difference and
believe that people should be respected
and that you know if someone wants to
change their gender and that life
becomes much more you know cheiron's
gender is real and also sex differences
are real yes and those two things are
possible at once yes yes I think about
that a lot you know with my with my book
with the case of someone like
congresswoman Ilhan Omar it's like Ilhan
Omar is the subject of bigotry not least
from the President of the United States
and yet Ilhan Omar herself has said some
things about Jews and Israel that are
themselves bigoted both things are true
at once and yet we're living in a
society where it seems like you can only
choose one of those two sides yes a
binary society as opposed to a nuanced
one that's what's weird about today it's
like we're dealing with the same amount
of intelligent people but they seem to
be shackled in their their ability to
express themselves honestly and so what
are they scared of right repercussions
right those are real right you look at
someone I think that one thing that's
overlooked in
this when we talk about canceled culture
right and the social ostracism and the
actual firings that can happen when you
break with one another orthodoxy is that
the people who are inoculated from it or
people that are already extremely
successful and can take the risk it's
why Ricky Gervais is can be Ricky
Gervais sits why JK Rowling can tweet
what she tweeted a few months ago and
survived it because they've already
accumulated enough capital the people
that I hear from that are completely
screwed by it are people like artists
and poets and untenured professors who
aren't famous and no one knows about and
are you know having to go with a begging
bowl on patreon or venmo or whatever to
get support after they've you know made
a bad joke or whatever it is
yes yes that that is exactly what's
happening yeah it's um I mean I'm I'm
sure that this is because of social
media I'm sure this is the the
repercussions of having this new form of
communication that people don't wield
responsibly that this these attacks on
people you do them much more flippantly
than you would if you were across from
someone of course because there's no
there's so little
shame on the internet because people are
disinhibited it's like people say things
to me on the internet that are I
wouldn't even mention them here I mean
they're so vile they're just they're
disgusting and yet I've seen some of
these people in real life and they would
never even have the courage to approach
me on the street
what's they're not real expressions when
oh when they're doing that they're just
they're button-pushing they're throwing
rocks at glass and this is a good jump
off point for your book on anti-semitism
you know I I reached out to you because
anti-semitism you know obviously I'm not
Jewish so it's it's something that has
always baffled me I don't hope for you
to thank you can I convert you up to
smell a rat but I I would have to I'd
have to go through a little lengthy
thing like you can't just convert right
my uncle my uncle Salvatore Salvatore D
Joel and oh I love it yeah see live oh
yeah yeah he converted when we were kids
that was when I first found out about
Judaism I was like what is it
like I didn't understand what it was you
know we were raised Catholic and I was
like god I guess I was probably like 5
or 6 when he was converting so he did
take all these classes and you know go
through all the stuff that you have to
do and be converted even married a woman
mm-hmm was Jewish and she was like crack
that whip Jackie she told what's up so
when but when that was all going down
that was the first time I'd ever
questioned religion because I was like
wait wait wait what is that what is
Judaism and then they explained I go do
they believe in God yeah okay but is it
different God and no it's the same God
Jesus was a Jew jail yeah that's why I
was confused I'm like well what is the
difference like why why is there I
didn't know there was anything other
than Catholic I was five you know yeah I
was baffled and I remember thinking like
what how many of these fucking things
are there and then I was told there were
hundreds that's like oh Jesus this is a
mess and then I went to Catholic school
for a year and that really cured me of
Oh any any idea of religion being
legitimate Catholic school was so brutal
what would you learn about the Jews in
Catholic school nothing uh-huh yeah
wasn't that it was just meanness it was
just compliance and in fear and we're
gonna make you sit in a closet and on a
bed of nails oh my god these two wack
kids in the head and nuns there was a
bed of nails no no they would threaten
you okay if you're gonna stuff to stay
overnight and sleep on a bed of nails
yeah they would just try to scare you if
you cry they'd laugh at you and oh my
god the meanest ladies there's no very
few people a whose name I remember from
being six years old but sister Mary
Josephine that bitch I'll remember that
bitch to the day I died
she was so mean like I thought my
parents were getting split up when I was
little when I was five years old so I
was really enthusiastic about God and
religion because I felt like at least in
that there's some sort of there's
structure there's something that makes
sense and I remember just being in
Catholic school for just a couple of
weeks and I was like well obviously this
is horseshit - you know my parents
relationship is horseshit this is
horseshit
like what is
in this life but it was good for me
though was very it was good at that time
of my life to experience just the just a
hypocrisy and the the meanness of it all
the lack of love and the disdain for
children like the whole thing it was an
awful situation to find yourself in I'm
sorry it wasn't that bad
nobody sexually abused me I didn't get
you know there was nothing hard no one
beat me up but it was enough of a
nightmare where it kind of like made me
legitimately start questioning
everything in life yeah so you're
raising your daughters with saccular yes
100% secular my wife secular too but we
talk about things and the one of the
things that I think is important is that
like I tell them if you live your life
like God is real it's better because you
live your life by these universal
principles that at the core the core
good of almost all religions follow
treat each other as if they are loved
family members treat people as if
they're you treat to treat them as if
it's you living another life
the golden rule like all those things
don't deal don't murder people are
created in the image of God and whether
or not that God exists if you believe
that you'll treat people really well and
if you do try and if they treat you like
that like you live the world is better
the world is a better place and that's
that's how and the other thing that I
say well I think this sorry that's okay
but honestly I say honestly no one knows
like if you say I know there's a god
you're not being honest because you've
met unless unless you know something
that I don't
unless you've died and experienced it
and even then we could chalk that up to
a host of neuro chemicals that your body
releases when things are things are
dying and some of them I've actually
taken before so I I know what the
experience is like and if you if you say
there's no God you don't know what
you're talking about either
you you you really don't know if there's
no God you no one knows no one knows
what with the even the concept of God is
you're talking about thousands of years
of trying to decipher experiences and
things that are translated from
one language to another from different
fanatic languages and it just it's very
strange to try to tell people that you
know something for a fact when you've
never experienced it and this is what we
talk about this is when I talk to my
children I don't say there's no God gods
bullshit religions bullshit everyone's
lying to you I just say no one really
knows but it gives people comfort it
makes people feel better and then
there's a lot of things that are really
good about church and one of the things
that's really good about church is the
community yes I mean this to me connects
to the thing that we opened by talking
about which is polarization and tribal
you know the tribal politics were living
in I think you've had Jonathan height on
the show and his book the righteous mind
is brilliant about this that we were
evolved to be religious creatures in a
certain way and what happens when we
lose religion that impulse goes
somewhere and I think that impulse has
gone into you know politics in the
culture or yes you know it's like why
are the stakes of that so unbelievably
high because that is sort of the
operating system that people are
organizing their life around 100 percent
right I think it's the Protestants
versus the Catholic but it's like what
what do we do right because we're not
gonna go back like to convince people
that are unconvinced that they're you
know I think fighting for the idea of
God is sort of a losing argument in the
culture so how do we retain the good
things that came from religious
structures in a post god age I think
that's a huge question well what are
what are people really wary of one of
the things that wary of is the recluse
right we're wary we're wary of the
Unabomber wearing that that guy who
lives in the woods and and doesn't the
the isolationist who doesn't need
anybody else there by themselves like
well that person doesn't follow by the
rules of our community well what are we
comfortable about we're comfortable
about friendly neighbors we're
comfortable okay you need help you know
you need me to help dig you out of the
snow do you need this do you need that
like that's what we love right because
then and we love people that share our
values right we like to live in a
community of shared values because then
you like you're all we're all comforting
each other we're all saying we're all in
this too
they're gonna have hardships we're gonna
have good times but the the will have
more good times will they'll get through
the hardships if we operate together
with similar values
yeah but we're kind of we're not living
in the age of the Unabomber but we're
certainly living in an age where people
are completely isolated
you know everyone on the campaign trail
is talking about the diseases of despair
and how the lifespan in this country has
gone down for the past three life
expectancy has gone down in the past
three years because of Trump out of work
because because factories are closing
because we're going through whatever
Andrian calls at the fourth Industrial
Revolution because of globalization
because like we're living through an
unbelievably trance what I think will be
remembered is an unbelievably
transformative time and Trump is only
one data point yes like he's a symptom
and he's a catalyst but he's not the
whole picture
and to see him as the whole picture I
think is just like completely missing
the moment that we're in well put very
well put yeah I think I really think you
you just nailed it
I really think that's a lot of what's
going on here and I think I mean what
you said but people enjoying when people
can speak their mind when people see
someone like Ricky Gervais get up at the
Golden Globes and say yes yes or like
Chappelle's like Chappelle's you're like
that to me Uber's yeah but the Chappelle
one was so good because if you looked at
Rotten Tomatoes right the critics rating
of it was something like twenty percent
favorable no it was zero first it was
zero yeah and then they'll open it up to
the public but the only 99 percent you
know and it's like we just keep living
that out again and again and again and I
just wonder like how that resolves
itself or maybe it doesn't it does it
resolves itself to a conversation like
this yeah that's really what it is with
the people or when you have it I come to
meet the common man young the common man
and basically I mean when we talk and
people listen to reasonable discussion
then they feel more emboldened to have
reasonable discussion of their own maybe
perhaps some private may
have to fucking put tinfoil over the
windows and bolt the door shut and make
sure that they can talk that's insane
yeah it is like we're living in the
freest society in human history and
people are acting like the Stasi is
looking over their shoulder yes because
it is social media folks no for real
look if I wasn't promoting comedy shows
and podcasts and like I don't think I'd
be on it I would I would definitely be
off of it I mean I'm on it now but I'm
on it like a posted and leaveit thing I
don't pay attention to luxury on that
yes you know anyway no I don't know I
think about like what would it look like
if all the journalists at the Washington
Post the New York Times and Wall Street
Journal were banned from being on
Twitter
no for real cuz like what happens right
is like it's this circular thing where
we all know the land mines right like
the things we don't want to touch like
the hills we don't want to die on and
it's what's scary about the stasi like
atmosphere of it is like my job is to
write opinion columns and commission
other people to do that and yet I feel
the self censoring even before I've
written right where I'm like wait I
don't want to die on that hill I don't
want to die on that is that really the
battle I want to take on I should
probably just stick to this topic
instead of that topic because I know if
I do that topic like I know it awaits me
yes like why am i why would I willingly
go to the guillotine yes you know it's
like and people pretend like the
reputational smears have no cost like
they're insane well that's what's weird
about your position because you're an
opinion writer right I mean that's what
you do correct and you're not allowed to
give your honest opinion in a lot of
people's eyes they want you to be
compliant with what culture and I think
one of the reasons that I get in a lot
of trouble or I'm provocative or
whatever the words that go before my
name are whenever I mentioned now
controversial is because I you know I
think more than other people I refuse to
follow the rule because what's the point
like we're all gonna be in the crown yes
like I'm not gonna waste my life
following some fake ruled
by random people on the internet no and
like this desire for you to comply I
mean this is part of the game that's
going on when people don't have control
of their own lives they love to control
other people's lives and one of the
things that happens when you have an
opinion that does not follow the you
know whatever the path has been clearly
grooved for us to when you you're
supposed to have very specific ideas
about these very clearly defined
subjects when you deviate from those and
people start attacking you they're what
they're trying to do in many there's a
lot of what they're trying to do this
it's nuanced but one of the things are
trying to do is they're trying to get
you to listen to them so that they have
some power they feel powerless in the
world and if they can push your button
if they can break your glass then they
have some power but they're also trying
to issue a warning right they're issuing
a warning to the people in their group
saying if you deviate we're gonna do to
you what we're doing to her right now
yes and it's gonna be relentless and you
know and it's just like what's sad about
it is like the number of young people I
know who are so talented and you know or
heterodox are just independent minded
people like liberals they choose not to
become public people like right they
decide not to go into journalism not to
do company not to do any number of
things because like why would you choose
to you know be in that arena if this is
what it means you know one of my
favorite stories went to speak to this
is that woman who was in Canada who was
a trans woman who still has her penis
and balls and went to a bunch of
different places you know close down
these immigrant waxing places because
they wouldn't wax her male genitalia and
it wound up going to court and she wound
up losing but these people lost their
businesses their businesses get you know
Canada is very different in the United
States and they have nicer
they're very nice like 20% nicer but
they also have weird human rights laws
like
they have you know this is what Jordan
Peterson was rallying against with these
compelled speech laws he was explaining
in a way that didn't make sense to us
because we have freedom of speech in
America they don't have freedom of
speech in Canada it's not right it's
different and with this woman when she
went to these places and was saying hey
you know you have to wax my my dick and
balls and they were like no we do
Brazilian wax on women and they're like
you're a bigot and then she turned out
to be a complete fuckin lunatic if you
follow her in the news now like
assaulting people and all sorts of other
stuff but still biologically a man and
has all the parts and they this was this
was the line in the sand this is like
okay here's your case now you've got one
because this is not just about
discrimination against a trans woman and
this is some new thing this is the very
real possibility that some trans people
trans people are human right some trans
people are fucking crazy you got one
here here you got one
now you're gonna treat this like an
abusive insane person or you gonna treat
this like trans people they have these
undeniable rights and privilege because
of the fact that they've been put in
this marginalized position by our
society that you have to look at them in
a very specific way and if you deviate
at all you will be punished and that's
what happened these poor immigrants they
lost their business I completely missed
this story I was a great story Jessica
you Neve I think is well the times needs
to step up you guys are covering burning
those people yeah who do you like for
president well I just I was just telling
um Jamie that I was in I spent New
Year's in New Hampshire with Andrew gay
and the yang gang I'm writing about her
right and I have to tell you like I'm
really not just saying this the power of
the like the what I'm calling like the
Rogen effect it was insane like I went
down the line waiting to get into this
bar was snowing outside and I just like
asked everybody how'd you hear about
Andrew yang like 80% of them was from
your podcast it was really unbelievable
I like I like his energy I don't know if
I agree with him like I don't have
strong views about ubi or what he calls
the freedom dividend thousand dollars a
month I don't know what I think about
that he's like against circumcision him
on most of his things against
circumcision you don't agree with that I
know really
yeah no one cuts no baby dicks I'm not
like passionate about that are you
yeah people lose their dicks a lot of
kids every year do you know children die
from that
yes all the time it's very common really
yes like multiple children per year lose
their penis from an unnecessary
antiquated operation where you cut off
their dicks to make it look different
okay cutting skin off of their dick and
they wind up getting infected and they
lose their dicks it's I mean it doesn't
happen all the time but it happens
enough time where you go this should
never happen this is a completely
unnecessary operation Robert Baker 229
deaths per year from circumcision in the
United States bones your estimates that
apparently approximately 119 infant boys
died from circumcision related each year
in the u.s. 1.3 percent of all male
neonatal deaths from all causes
there are several case reports of death
in the medical literature yeah this it's
not simple you're cutting skin skin is
an organ you're you you have an
unnecessary
you have an unnecessary operation that
you're doing to an infant and it's
decorative we don't buy any of the
studies about how it prevents STDs and
no no I don't wash your dick we should
be talking about it well why not kids
are dying like it's like how many of
them have to die before we say this is a
ancient ridiculous ritual it doesn't
make any sense
okay I've seen the arguments for and
against like that it prevents STDs like
Latino prep prevents us who needs
condoms and abstinence that's what
prevents STDs and and in some cases
vaccinations
this is what prevents STDs this
circumcision is ridiculous doesn't even
makes any sense
okay cannot believe I stumbled into this
because I was talking about injury
Yankee fucked up I guess I did I didn't
know this was like a strongly held
you're an int activist is that what
they're yes whatever int activist that's
a good way I've never heard that
expression but that's exactly what I am
yeah don't cut baby dicks it's real
simple you say it that way people go
yeah it sounds gross please say Oh
circumcision like oh what a wonderful
ritual and it's a symbolic of your
journey until if the fuck out of here
you're cutting baby dicks it's it
doesn't make any sense I mean it's not
as disgusting as what they do to woman's
clitoris is and in that makes it one
alike yes it's a different reason for
doing it but it's um you know lighting a
kid you're just doing it in a way that
it's okay like if you cut a piece of my
earlobe off I'm gonna be alright family
of four daughters I have not thought
deeply about I I did not know that
statistic you put it up not good yeah
most people don't know it and I've
talked to people who have had immediate
family members who have had horrible
illnesses or injuries from circumcision
it's terrible
it's an organ now talk to you about
vaccines I hope you're for it I'm for
vaccine a hundred percent yeah why would
you be nervous talking about that I
don't know like what am i stumbling into
here look vaccines are established I had
dr. Peter Hotez
on who is he's he's out of the
University of Texas University Houston
is that what he's from but what he's
famous for is treating and making people
aware of tropical illnesses okay and and
vaccine safety and vaccine health and
again and also just someone who uses
education to dispel a lot of these anti
VAX rumors and the the anti-vaxxer I
ain't like this is why there's so many
people this is why we're so healthy this
is why there's no smallpox this is why
we haven't had these fucking horrific
diseases grabbed this is why measles is
making a comeback because of ignorance
so because there's this unbelievably
strange coalition of like lefty Waldorf
family
school people with like ultra-orthodox
Jews who believes that they're like
remnants of pigs in the vaccine and
they're coming together to do what they
just did in New Jersey which is like
they were I think New Jersey was close
to passing a law to end the religious
you know there's religious exemptions
for vaccines in a bunch of states still
mm-hmm and New Jersey was very close to
which has had a bunch of outbreaks to
ending the religious exemption and then
you had these like very strange
bedfellows come together in Lobby
against the law and it lost which is
really upsetting like I do not think
there should be a religious exemption
for vaccines
yeah vaccines are a strange one right
it's like should you force someone to
put a chemical into their body yes
because it's protecting yeah all of our
lives but that is why it's that's why
it's an interesting one it's a very
unusual one because it's a very rare
time where you're you're talking about
something that if you do put it in
someone's body and it is effective it
will stop a deadly pandemic from
spreading yes so how do we act as a
community how do we act as a culture
when it comes to that and then there's
also with everything there's people
think there's conspiracies with every
fucking thing that ever happens on this
earth Conor McGregor just destroyed
Donald Cerrone in 40 seconds there is an
entire community of people on write
online right now thinking that that was
a setup and that it was a fake fight and
that they had planned it all in advance
and this is just to make my I mean I
mean I'm talking about volumes of
writing I mean people just page after
page after page talking about things
that don't make sense about the fight
and like this is just what people do
they look for conspiracies in everything
whether it's vaccines or politics or or
witches or Jews yeah oh presidential
candidates though yes or you want to go
to everything presidential candidates I
don't know
I love yang's yes love his energy like
him as a person a lot he's like he's
real you know he's like most politicians
or aliens and he's not and it's so
refreshing and you know I learned a lot
he also said that police officers should
have a purple belt in Brazilian
jiu-jitsu which I completely like I went
to look at the policies on his like this
super rational he's great and one of the
things that is so like refreshing about
him is that the I don't know if I've
been in a room in the past year with so
many former Burnie and former Trump
people which are a lot of his supporters
mmm you know we're like disaffected
disappointed Trump people and then
people that supported Bernie in 2016 and
there's just I don't know like when you
hear him talk the villain of his stump
speech is not Donald Trump even though
he hates Donald Trump the villain is
Amazon and Big Pharma and you know
automation like the things that are
actually transforming and decimating the
country yes I think it's refreshing but
he's like a Paul Revere for for
automation he's like hey fucking jobs
are going away jobs are going away yeah
yeah he's a great guy liked him I don't
know and then I also feel like I've gone
on this emotional journey with Biden
where at first I'm like toad like I
liked him then I'm like old he's kind of
losing it no way he can win and now I
feel like I've gone back to maybe like
let me put you back on track because
he's way too old it's not just these two
old he's not coherent he's falling apart
like hasn't he had a stroke or something
I don't know if he's had it had a lot of
plastic surgery that's for sure how's he
look at his face yeah kind of look
younger in the caps and I don't know but
but I think the candidate I will be very
surprised if the candidate is not Bernie
both because of the fundraising and
because of where he is in the polls and
because and this is the most fundamental
thing the the energy in the country
right now is a populist energy and I
just don't think that a moderate like
the ones that I like like a club Achara
Biden can capture that the energy of the
base I think it I think that energy is
just really with Bernie you have
Democratic Party than I do I think
they're gonna fuck up and put Elizabeth
Warren and I thought oh my god I'm just
gonna chew her up don't you think Trump
would okay but if it's Bernie versed
Trump yes who wins because I think Trump
still wins I think well you're always
gonna have a hard time when someone
the incumbent right you're always gonna
have a hard time when someone is the
sitting president who is extremely
controversial extremely polarizing but
also we're in a great time economically
that's that's hard for people to deviate
from it's hard from people to deviate
from good economy when you look at the
stock market when you look at don't have
stocks like it was true people are like
it's working the perception though it's
a perception you look at unemployment
unemployment rates are very low you know
there's there's a lot of things that you
could point to the standard issues that
you point to and then you deal with all
this luminous on the left that Trump is
the complete opposite of if you he's the
antithesis no finger job exactly yeah
when I when he got in office I said
political correctness just got hit with
a missile to the dick that's what it was
like when that guy got off is like what
the fuck he just want after all that
grab the pussy stuff and all that all
the craziness that yeah the fact that he
was able to weather that storm and it
didn't even seem to shake him like you
said you could shoot someone in the
middle of Fifth Avenue I'm gonna think
he actually good yeah well as long as
the person was a dick there's only the
person who's shot was a real asshole
like it well you know we do do we really
need that guy no well you need Trump as
president it's gonna be hard it's gonna
be it's always hard to get someone out
of office I mean what's sunk George HW
Bush was Ross Perot and a lot of people
forget that Ross Perot
this eccentric billionaire got on
television and bought an entire half
hour of regular primetime television and
put on this display of why you're
getting fucked and explain taxes to you
and explain so as Mike Bloomberg gonna
be the Ross Perot of 2020 no he's not as
charismatic and he's not very well-liked
and it doesn't make sense he doesn't
make sense I don't think he's wasting
his time I just think he's the opposite
of what people want yeah they don't want
a billionaire no no they don't want that
if you're not what Bernie stands for is
a guy who look you could you could dig
up dirt on every single human being
that's ever existed if you catch them in
their worst moment and you magnify those
moments and you cut out everything else
and you only display those display
those worst moments that said you can't
find very many with Bernie he's been
insanely consistent his entire life he's
basically been saying the same thing and
for the same thing his whole life and
that in and of itself is a very powerful
structure to operate from
yeah and he's addressing the thing that
people are most obsessed with right now
which is economic inequality and he's
really consistent on it did you see him
here did you see him yeah of course I
did he was so normal he's normal did you
find him winning though like did you
like him I was I feel like there's a
huge division in people I know either
they love him or they really really
think that he's like gruff obnoxious all
of that well I know you don't like Tulsi
but I love her I love her
I think she's awesome I love her I love
Bernie and I love Andrew yang and I
talked about Tulsi and Bernie the other
day but I forgot to bring up Andrew yang
I apologize for that I said everybody
else can eat shit
I didn't mean Andrew yang I really I do
like him I just it was just a mistake
what is the Tulsa appeal for you well I
think she first of all is someone who
served twice overseas been deployed
twice and understands the actual cost of
war worked in you know medical units saw
people murdered and shot down and
destroyed by war and she wants none of
it she wants us to have less
intervention interventionist foreign
policy decisions that affect people's
lives and send our young brothers and
sisters over there to get killed that's
one thing she's a person who served in
Congress she understands how it works
she's a very nice friendly person I
believed her when I talked her she's
very genuine you know and you know if
you want a woman president that's that's
what you want you want a young woman who
has served in Congress who has served
overseas who's been deployed she makes a
lot of sense with a lot of things she's
saying that's what I like about her got
it okay khlo Bashar zero opinion on her
okay yeah I like her zero charisma
though yeah I've been paying attention
like this there's certain look there's
only so much time you have it
day and only so many days in your life
and until things start really poppin
where I have to pay attention to her I'm
just like shaggy but who you gonna vote
for
in primary I think I think I'll probably
vote for Bernie interesting yeah because
I I think Bernie and Tulsi together
would be a fuckin devastating
combination I really do
I don't know if they'd ever work out
together I don't know if that's possible
but I think them together might work
that might work that might get enough
people to go you don't want this is all
just too fuckin crazy let's let's try
something different
and what do you make of the people that
are speculating that Tulsi is gonna run
as a third party or else it's not going
to okay I don't think she's going to I
don't think she has any plans to do that
but that was the worried that you know
she's a rust Russian asset that was one
of the things that Hillary Clinton had
said that I found that very strange and
Hillary Clinton was calling her a
Russian asset I found it strange that
Hillary Clinton said that I do but I I
you know I'm not a fan of Hillary
Clinton I just I'm not a fan of that
whole they're a part of a different
world right they're a part of a
different world where corruption was
open and accepted and it was a part of
the program you know if you pay
attention to the Clinton Foundation if
you pay attention to the the amount of
money that they would get paid to speak
to bankers and the fact that they
wouldn't release the transcripts that
was the great thing about Bernie during
the 2016 election released their
transcripts
let's see those transcripts you know I
watched my life looking at Larry David
like it's so strange like I only see
Larry David Larry David doesn't fucking
amazing job is like the MELD it's very
weird like I was watching the weekly
episode of when the Times endorsed the
candidates or the two women and it was
like I'm it was very strange I was like
thinking that I'm literally looking at
Larry but him as a human being when I
was hanging out with him yeah I believe
in him I like him I like him a lot I
know that like they like most scandalous
thing about him the Daily Mail just like
was like Bernie Sanders he requests his
junior suites in his hotels to be 65
degrees
and he asks his staff to collect honey
packets like this is like for his tea
that's all they got
yeah it's good I mean the thing to get
on him on is like you know his
apologetics for Soviet Union for
Nicaragua mean his foreign policy stuff
it's just a disaster and that's what the
depth that is what Trump will crush him
on I mean Trump wants Bernie to be the
candidate you think so you don't think
he wants Warren I mean Warren would be
great too cuz then he has pocahontas
like but I love the fact they said that
it's racist when he calls her Pocahontas
it's racist like it's a funny movie well
a lot of people oh yeah but also I mean
the moment that I you know gave up on
Elizabeth Warren's political judgement
is when she decided to publicly go
through the DNA the 23andme or whatever
it was to prove that she was in fact
partially Native American it was like
just dude back off from she had to she
had to no she did not
Trump is gonna attack her on it forever
now attack her own it forever no matter
what but now at least it's off the table
she showed the slightest sliver of
Native American no Joe it's not off the
table you think that if Elizabeth
Warren's not the candidate that's not
gonna be what he hits her with every
single time for sure but it would be
more on the table if she had never taken
the DNA test he would be oh for sure
really yes yes because it would be this
this hidden thing no no no he knows he
knows I'm lying about my ancestry it's a
big thing to lie about because if you
look if you lie about being Dutch okay
it's like you know it's kind of a cool
ethnicity but it's not that but you lie
about being Native American it's
different because like they're one of
the most maligned and repressed peoples
ever in in recorded history I mean they
were wiped off the face of the map and
stuck into these little pockets of land
that don't have strong natural resources
I mean I've been I'm on my fifth book in
the last three months on Native
Americans Wow
yeah I became obsessed look higher the
summer moon okay it's a book on the
Comanches and it is fucking incredible
it's incredible when you realize like
that this was going on in this country
just a hundred and fifty years ago
and that for hundreds of years the
Comanches just dominated the West they
dominated the plains and until they
invented a gun that could shoot more
than one bullet the the white men were
fucked the Comanches would just dominate
them because they could shoot arrow
after-hour and they were just a
ferocious people they didn't that no
artwork no beadwork they just they just
made teepees like they'd work really
they weren't they didn't have like
illustrious like works of art and
beautiful can with what the Comanches
were a war people they they raided they
hunted they ate mostly meat all they ate
was meat they bare they didn't farm they
didn't do any farming they just roamed
around and killed Buffalo and just
dominated the entire western half of
this country for hundreds and hundreds
of years because they were the first
ones to figure out how to ride horses
they were the first ones to not just
figure out how to ride horses but to
raise horses animal husbandry they they
they figured out how to accumulate large
stables of horses and ride them better
than anybody could I need to read this
that's fucking amazing it's amazing it's
so good it's such a good book and
horrific do you see the woman out there
that's on the wall the outside the
Native American woman that's
breastfeeding woman a baby oh my god I
think you're talking about a real a
painting there's a no it's a photograph
of Cynthia and Parker's Cynthia Ann
Parker was she was abducted by the
Comanches when she was nine years old
and then became accepted as a part of
the tribe and then went on to be the
wife of the major chief one of the major
Comanche Chiefs and then was kidnapped
back by the United States when she was
thirty but she didn't want to be in the
United States because her whole lot were
kicked but yeah yeah when over the
Pioneers whatever the fuck they would
call them the Americans that's her right
there that's the photograph so far how
did you get in like what started your
interest in this I'll read a book by my
friend Steven Rinella called the
American Buffalo and it's the the
history of the Bison and the United
States and the Native Americans that
would travel with the Bison and all
these different tribes that would they
basically coexisted with the Bison just
moving with the Bison as they might
hunting the Bison and I was just like
what a strange thing that these people
live in this Stone Age but fantastic way
with all these myths and legends and
stories yeah so much magic in their life
and then all that's gone all that's gone
and now we just like so when Elizabeth
Warren he Civ yeah so when Elizabeth
Warren lies about being that yeah like
that's a big deal because they're one of
the most mythical cultures one of the
most magical cultures in a lot of ways
because look they did horrific things to
each other there's no doubt about the
Comanches were fuckin ruthless to each
other to other Native American tribes
they went on war constantly they were
raiding each other constantly kidnapping
abducting murdering I mean there was
this there's no like this idea of Native
Americans of being like a peaceable
passports it 100% horse shit that's not
how they lived but the way they lived
was I want to say admirable but
fascinating fascinating and powerful and
and they had their very strict rules and
codes of operating that were very unlike
the Western world and they were invaded
they were invaded and dominated and
killed off by disease and then ultimate
I mean it was a they were shooting
Buffalo just to starve the Indians out I
mean there was a lot of crazy shit that
went down so when she comes out and says
you know oh I grew up Native American
the fuck you did the fuck you did and
the more books I read now I'm on Black
Elk speaks which is my favorite one so
far
because Black Elk speaks is an actual
man named Black Elk who is a AG lawless
Sioux medicine man a Lakota medicine man
who in the 1930s told his story so he
was alive when he was there when Custer
was murdered
Wow yeah he was he was there when the
the Sioux were forced into reservations
he's telling the whole story of them
going from living this nomadic life to
being forced in these reservation
reservations and starving and alcoholism
and all the the chaos that came with it
so and this one is the this one's the
best because it's literally
his words so you get a direct
translation he's talking to his son his
son is talking to the author and the
book was written in the 1930s do you
spend any time on reservations no I
haven't other than Indian casinos doing
stand-up yeah yeah I'm sure with some I
mean well we're working on that right
now we're reaching out to a couple
different Native American groups to try
to find a good representative
representative to come in and talk about
you know their grandparents and one of
the stories that they had heard yeah
it's um it's a crazy subject and it's to
me the look
pretending you're anything it's not good
but pretending you're Native American to
me is like whoa that's because that's
one where everybody it's there's like a
spirituality aspect to Native Americans
it's implied like you say you're Native
American people like aha I kind of
fucking knows things you know you're
allowed to have feathers you can have an
unexplained go to that yeah totally yeah
it's it's it's a weird one you know and
you know mainly someone lied to her
people people get the wrong information
all the time from their
great-grandparents and you know people
they get and also the thing about
Cynthia Ann Parker right Cynthia Ann
Parker was zero percent Native American
but she was 100 percent Indian she still
was a Native American because she's a
abducted when she was nine and lived
their life she wanted to go back yeah I
mean that's like she threw in her lot
with them yes and that made her them
well she didn't like the Western world
when she was forced to live in cities
and live in towns and she fucking hated
it and you get her words you know when
when when she's describing the
difference like the Comanche world was
filled with magic and gods the water was
a God the sky was a God everything was
there was magic like you would through
there was rituals that would do to
protect themselves in combat and all
these things made life fantastic this
the hunting of the Buffalo and the
nomadic way of life and then all sudden
to be locked into these buildings and
wearing these clothes and stuck within
these rituals that the why
men would live she didn't want to have
any part of that so even though like you
know if someone was Cynthia Ann Parker
Ziff she had sex with a white man and
made a white baby that is not a Native
American baby but it kinda is you know I
mean in terms of culture she was 100%
all in Comanche when they eventually
abducted her back mm-hmm amazing stuff
so fuck Elizabeth Warren fuck fuck fuck
that crazy I'm Native American talk meet
me again no disrespect to mrs. Warren
maybe someone lied to her maybe someone
loved her
maybe she didn't know she was one mm
Native American I don't know I also just
think I don't know she's she's an expert
and and she's clearly manipulative no I
was gonna say really smart and has like
she knows what she's talking about I
just don't think I just don't think that
she sells to the American people in this
moment I just don't I don't see it yeah
I really don't well that shit she pulled
on Bernie what she was saying that he
had pulled her aside and in private and
said a woman can never be President
okay you tell me how you saw that moment
well the CNN moment was very interesting
right when she walked up to him in this
very public way and said I think you
just called me a liar on national TV he
was like did you see the video where
someone put the curb your enthusiasm
it's like and it's like the intro music
to curb it's incredible it's Bello
that's funny because Tom Steyer standing
there like yeah I don't think I think it
was a ploy I don't buy it he's been her
ally forever and to me it shows a sign
of great disloyalty and great dishonesty
like the way she did it she did it as a
it's a ploy like ideally her and him
could be allies and she could be but
only one person can win right but maybe
she wins and he's her running mate like
something that is a hundred percent
possible right so if you're all in the
DNC together you should be allies right
he's a powerful force in the Democratic
Party she's a powerful force in the
Democratic Party yes
why you attack each other and why
attacking each other with some bullshit
story from like many years ago where he
said that a woman's never gonna win I
think what how I I don't know this is
one thing where I can give them both a
generous read I think it's very possible
that they had a the kind of conversation
that people like you and I have all the
time which is can a woman win the
presidency of the United States and I
think Bernie gave an answer that
probably led a lot of people give in
those conversations which is maybe not
maybe the American people are to sexist
to elect a woman like that's possible
and she you know and he meant that in an
observational way not at any judgment on
who she is or the capability of a woman
to be President and she heard it in the
negative way of a woman can be President
yes that is possible that is possible I
agree that she that this was absolutely
a strategy her part that backfired
that's why it's gross
not a question but I also think that you
know I am I have those conversations
every day can a woman be oppressive yes
people really misogynist hey sure well
they have these ideas about what a
president is and a president is an older
male who is you know well-spoken and
educated who understand yeah there's
many factors yeah that's why people to
judge to short
yeah well and and a lot of other there's
a lot other things I was also a fuckin
mayor right now and you aren't you
working what did you know man yang is
like are you saying no govern like lack
of government experience I was saying no
no no he has a job that he's not doing
right and he's out there running for
president like engineering is not he's
not a mayor somewhere where he's
ignoring his constituents he's not
ignoring a city South Bend Indiana
they're freaking out what the fuck are
you doing man you're supposed to be the
mayor well that's on New Yorkers felt
about Bill de Blasio which is like our
cyclus mayor is now running for
president I mean that word feckless is
one way I never used oh good you got to
use it it's a great word feckless he is
who calls someone called someone a
feckless cunt
yeah how was that I don't know god damn
it I forget who it was
soin on the show like musa Mantha pee
called someone a feckless continent oh
my god what's in the Trump yes I was
like Jesus but she was feckless and then
countries hard
she came hard she went hard she came at
her heart
yeah I I'm not good with language
sometimes but the the Warren thing that
was the real problem with it was that it
was obviously calculated it didn't it
when people are talking if someone said
look if he was like a closeted
misogynist no he's not
obviously he's right but I also think
that he had a conversation with her
where he said that a woman can't win and
I don't think or maybe not sure she
could sure she could be making it up of
course she could I don't think that she
is and I think what Bernie meant was not
anything sexist or misogynist I say
sometimes I asked out loud to my friends
I don't know if a woman can win for
president well Hillary won the popular
vote right now I know I know I know can
win yes they can win yes the idea that
they can is nonsense but it's also talk
right if you and I were just sitting
around having a cup of coffee and we're
just talking we just talk and then I
went and what a nice that against yeah
you say this is a statement and like
that's not what I'm sight I don't know
what the fuck I'm saying right now I
write when I'm talking I don't know what
my next word is going to be right
everyone knows that we we all know that
when we're talking it's one thing if
you're reading a speech or if you have
like a very clear doctrine that you you
like this is my this is my idea of the
world
let me let this through very carefully
I've written it down and I like to share
it with you this is my okay well then
I'm gonna hold you to that and then if
you change that opinion I'd like you to
tell me why you changed it and tell me
why you why you were wrong but that's
different to talk they've talked like
fucking a woman campaing a woman can't
win a woman can't win a woman can't wait
maybe that's what he said you know maybe
he was upset and then she's like he
privately told me a woman can never be
present he's like let's don't do this
now I'll do this up you wanna do this
now watch the clip with a curb music
it's so good it was just
oh god it was amazing Oh is Bernie
Jewish are you kidding
that sounds like it I don't pay so
little attention to people's religion oh
but Bernie the Brooklyn Jill Oh does the
name Bernie and then Sanders you're not
religious you think going back to your
book do you think my book even started
on that but sure we touched it with
Lincoln times we touched it a couple of
times do you think that that could be an
issue no I don't I think I think it
might be no I just don't see that being
an issue with him I mean it's not a
fundamental part of his identity unlike
Elizabeth Warren's Native American roots
she's not running on it right he you
know he's he says he's a proud Jew but
he's not religious really at all I just
don't I don't see it I don't see it you
don't see it being an issue I think
he'll maybe use it as a way of I think
one of the things that people are gonna
say about Bernie especially from the
right is they're gonna attack him on his
foreign policy credentials and they're
gonna say that he is not gonna be a good
ally of Israel not serious on foreign
policy not hawkish and they'll point to
the fact that some of his surrogates are
extremely problematic people like Linda
Sarsour and I think in that sense
Bernie's Jewishness will be important
because I think he'll use it to say but
I'm Jewish you know like how dare you
accuse me of X Y & Z thing right right
but I don't think it's good like if
you're I think you're asking is it just
qualifying for people and I don't see it
that way at all yeah I was saying would
it be a factor that some people don't
want a Jewish president I see it being
more of a factor with someone like
unlike Bloomberg it's like do you want a
Jewish billionaire like that it plays
into a lot of stereotypes billionaires
are religion into it's onto their own
you know but in some ways the way people
what I mean by that is like people look
at them like a different thing yeah like
oh they're Mormons oh they're
billionaires you know what I mean
totally it's like a billionaire like
that's a category if someone has
accumulated at least a thousand million
dollars what the
fuck yeah who are those aliens million
dollars yeah I like the way said that
yeah yeah I don't I don't think it's
gonna be a defining factor for Bernie I
don't mmm but I don't know but again I
also think Trump is gonna win yeah
let's talk about your book okay unless
you want more no I so want to talk about
my book but have to be there no worries
no worries does it matter that uh for
the movie here don't worry don't worry
we're good we're good
that Bernie Elizabeth Warren stuff was
started I believe as a report on CNN the
day before they hosted that debate has
just maybe a way to drum up ratings
which it did work these were higher than
like the previous two or three jabs like
people love controversy man people love
it they get excited look half of this
stuff is so goddamn boring and so hard
to follow when someone calls you a liar
and no I'm not a liar like yes now we
got something now we got something juicy
we would sink our teeth into
I was also gonna ask if you saw any of
the curb stuff from last night no it was
great
yeah he's wearing a mag a hat just to
get rid of people say yes to like eat
lunch with him I realized it would work
he's genius man I would like to get him
in here I love him
I love Larry David he's the really one
of the big reasons why Seinfeld was so
successful I was such a great show he's
uh he's a special character you know
that guy really does fucking Drive a
Prius apparently he's probably worth 500
million dollars yeah I was driving a
fucking Prius of money with Jerry and
has the no question yeah Jerry has got
probably 200 cars and Larry David drives
a fucking Prius he might have a Tesla
now he might have changed it up no it
was great though Bridget fed us he made
a little cameo in it really yeah yeah
Bridget was it no shit oh that's awesome
good for her good for her yeah he's
special you know that that show is
special and it's like Jeff Garlin on it
and everything it's like it's so perfect
all of them together accused of being
Weinstein the whole time episode
it's great well you think about
Weinstein using that Walker let's get
the fuck out of here bitch she could
walk I'm seeing them you've got walk up
like that looks so fake you get extra
like lawyer time or something right if
you're if you're disabled yeah if you're
disabled in court or something I don't
know you're part of here and maybe if
you're being held well what is it what
what all the sudden happened to him did
he fall need surgery of some sort but
it's new right it's back hurts
you but it seems greasy doesn't it seem
gross for sure that's definite move yeah
someone told him to do it's a greasy
move yeah it's like I see what you're
doing shut that shut the door please
we're just talking about a Harvey
Weinstein's Walker I don't buy it
not a fucking second right oh yeah we
got to talk about that too that yeah
yeah he didn't help Jewish relations at
all know this fucking the Israeli flag
painted mosque you know all that stuff
remind me he's a really flag paint yeah
I thought it was great
let Sam know the temple yeah temple
that's right god yeah you didn't see his
temple temples painting the colors of
the Israeli flag but those are also the
colors of the Greek flag good point
but he's not Greek I don't know what did
he work for the Mossad did he work for
the American government like who did you
know can they disagree that he was
murdered i if you had if you had all
your chips on the table like Barry you
gotta go all in we're good there are too
many coincidences yes to make it
plausible that Jeffrey Epstein liked the
video and we could go down the line I'm
sure you guys are like not even gonna
try it's something that I followed not
as closely as you have but believe me
that I followed it makes me incredibly
suspicious of the official story reminds
me after the show I could tell you off
the air some crazy shit wanting to tell
me now yeah why because I'll tell you
after a show and you understand
but yeah the thing is so it's so bizarre
and it's like they're hoping that the
new cycle somehow and other buries it
and then just like oh he's gone he's
gone skid sumo Iran is a problem we're
going to war about Jeffrey Epstein but
he's clearly been murdered he clearly
was the guy who was in some way shape or
form a part of a gigantic ring where you
would get underage girls to these
pedophiles or public figures who were
interested in having sex with
sixteen-year-old girls well that's the
part that's known yes that's public
right like we know he was a pedophile we
know that there was some kind of pure
curing that was happening for famous
wealthy public men in his circles we
know that Bill Clinton was on his plane
I don't know you probably know that six
times not a long time I mean come on we
know Trump knew I mean like yeah that's
the part we know but the part I want to
know is who was he actually working for
yes why did he have that home yes how
was he so wealthy when there was no oh
that's right he had a painting of one in
his house oh my god wearing a dress but
just stop and think about what kind of
guy he's like he's basically saying
Clinton's my bitch I'm gonna get a
painting of him in a dress and I'm gonna
put it in my house like do you think he
made Clinton dress like that at some
point in time like what you couldn't do
that for fun the thing is is God keep
him alive little such a sick picture how
did they not let I mean I mean no I mean
no one knows who he really worked for
right
no no one no no no no no me someone must
know what I was gonna say is like you
know I've talked to enough people that
knew him met him went to parties at his
house and said like everyone knew this
about him it was like a Harvey Weinstein
thing right you know in the sense of the
the young women
you know yeah or in the sense that
everyone knew about Bill Cosby that came
into contact yeah like there were things
that were just very agreed to never
speak about runs like it's just
absolutely sick I was up when the story
broke about him hanging himself I was
obsessed for like a few days but then I
had to move on another course that's
world is a big place that's what their
shoes are getting beaten in the streets
yeah but it's also like there actually
are things that are more important to me
the story of Jeffrey Epstein right and I
hope that there's some investigative
journalist digging into the truth of
what happened there I wonder how much
there is to dig I mean how much dirt is
there that you could actually get a
shovel into what are you talking about
we like it don't you think there's a ton
I'm sure but I think it's the the girls
who were the victims yes and then the
men who were shot in their fucking
mouths right except for Prince Andrew
which is like that was everybody
everybody should go to jail just after
that oh my god everybody knows everybody
get in jail the Royals are falling apart
man yeah I know Prince Harry's moving on
they're like becoming like Instagram
influencers but I don't understand that
it's probably more money I don't know a
little things
well isn't being a royal basically being
an Instagram influencer sure but it's
like I don't know this is this is a
strategy question of if you really want
like progress and all the things that he
talked about I could make the argument
that yeah you're part of this crazy
ridiculous retrograde institution but
you can probably do more good in that
role then you can I don't know like
living in Canada well Canada doesn't
want them coming they're not gonna let
them because apparently if you're a part
of a royal family you're not allowed to
actually live in Canada what yeah yeah
there was some something that there were
there pull up Prince hair it might be
illegal for Prince Harry to move to
Canada yeah I think it's the ideas you
don't want a monarch moving into this
you know Canada is a colony of England
but they have their independence so the
idea would if a royal from England moved
into Canada it's probably some ancient
fucking rule but they would be able to
set up shop and start running Canada
because they have power Oh
for the Prime Minister I get it in
theory I just haven't heard of it yeah I
mean in C I'm held like season two of
the crown I mean I got a like ketchup
yeah so good well it's all weird
I don't know oh I know who's Epstein yes
and Prince Andrew yeah that's right we
started with obscene being really bad
for change and guess just like Elaine
Elaine go lately miss lane nobody knows
I don't know how to say anything but I
think it's ghilane mm-hmm like her whole
thing like that whole photo op at the
in-and-out reading that see I mean yeah
people death CIA does it's so good it's
great oh good it's crazy and where's she
I don't know she the base in Antarctica
right now fishing for penguins but the
whole thing is crazy it really is you
think there are penguins in Antarctica
right there in the other Pole either way
the the whole thing is it's gonna go
away
and we all kind of know it's gonna go
away and that's one of the most
disturbing aspects of this case like
that they did murder this guy they did
erase the film of his first suicide
attempt oh so we erased it sorry
they erased the film of that and then
the cameras weren't working on the
second one it's like everything and the
security guards fell asleep
no like yeah well they were not on duty
or something no but the problem is right
like you couldn't see it the world
moving on is the kind of the world the
press is a conspiracy or you can just
like the way I see it is there are so
many things to cover in the world and
the press is been so gutted that we need
to decide like yeah is it more important
to cover like sulemani than Jeffrey
Epstein right yeah it is yes you know
right so it's not like I don't see it as
malevolent in the way that you do maybe
because I'm inside of it and I just see
the way that it functions and like the
oil T is malevolent I just see it as
inevitable that look yeah not like once
Epstein died the world's gonna pause hey
let's have no more news so we could sort
this out that doesn't want you know it
doesn't work that way I don't think
malevolent I just think it's just a
function of life in general and just the
insane amount of information that we
have access to and the same insane news
cycle
we're operating under now everything
gets buried including a obvious murder
yeah yeah have you had like who is the
world's leading Jeffrey Epstein expert
probably Bravo yeah I don't know I don't
know who is I don't well Erik Weinstein
is yes definitely really into this yes
he knows a lot and he met him he tells
him he met him and you know Erik loves
cloak-and-dagger stuff and so he he told
me right away guy was an actor he was
like this guy's full of shit he doesn't
know anything about finance he's like
this guy's not some financial wizard has
made billions of dollars he's like it's
not that's not who he is yeah like he's
acting he said when he met him he had a
young girl that he was sitting that was
sitting on his lap and why the girl was
sitting on his lap the girl was like 21
years old and he would just kept
jiggling his knee like bouncing her up
and down sir
your tits were jiggling while they were
talking yeah what imagine imagine having
a conversation with a constant yeah and
he's got a girl city wants to talk about
like real stuff and he's got a young
girl sitting on his lap and he just
keeps balancing his knee up and down and
her boobs are bouncing around why did
all of these respectable people keep
like going to parties at his house even
after he'd been arrested for
prostitution which is really that's a
very good question like that's really
the sickness yes right the people that
went after he was arrested like how that
happened well I think because the way
Eric describes it Eric thinks that there
are people in these look these are
enormous ly high-profile people that
have very buttoned down respectable
positions in life where you really can't
can't get wild right but they're also
they're also still men all right so he
thinks that there are people that
provide services and I'm definitely
paraphrasing how Eric described it to me
yeah because he'd have like 20 different
like coinages yes but he thinks that
there's people that procure these
experiences for people that find it very
difficult to get buck wild and so they
would do it and this is probably why I
had fuck Island right fly them out this
crazy island and it'd be easier to get
away with it out there hey we're no
one's out here we're in the middle of
nowhere
every fucking pic
as eyeballs that are cameras and you
fall in your own oh you know I mean it's
it's a crazy story but of course that's
just practically true right like if
you're an Elon Musk or it's someone at
that level like a public figure Eric
Schmidt or whatever you're not gonna
like what are you gonna do go on like
tinder Araya no you're gonna rely on
like a a guy yeah Wrangler yeah that's a
sec Sacha Baron Cohen says he turned
over disturbing who is America footage
to the FBI oh right that's right I don't
supposed a pedophile ring in Vegas okay
when he was undercover yeah we're gonna
go down I love him too
he's so wonderful but I don't know I
didn't I missed this
yeah but wait was it expose what
happened well they just turned it over
to the FBI into it at all
really they didn't look into it no yeah
it was a real word story yeah we're
gonna use playing a fake billionaire
character and asked for something like
that yeah and someone said they could
help him and he'd turn that video over
and nothing happened well you know I
don't know what that is it could have
been that the guy was like yeah I can
help you I'll help you by calling the
fucking cops like we don't really know
what the guy said I mean unless we can
watch the footage they have the footage
or it's going on who knows but that's
what you should have him have you animal
no I'd love to love him he's awesome
Holly G in the house you ever see that
okay film the old school you can't film
uh it is hilarity people don't know
about that film that film is fucking
hilarious
he is well thrilled the Jews down the
well I mean that was just pivoting just
transition he can get away with stuff
because he's Jewish you can get away
with that yeah yeah yeah so did you down
to Val so my country can't be free I
mean I was like watching this one like
wow this characters bad all they're so
good yeah I didn't love his new show as
much whatever it was this it was gone
yeah he played like a funny there was
like a Jewish like a self-defense Mossad
instructor that was like getting you
know that was fun there were some parts
that were funny but it wasn't in the
interview Oh Jay in the new one
you know that's the very very very end
you know he was that same billionaire
character and you're telling him to it
was great it was a great way to end it
didn't shoot a 3-gun already get him to
admit to it remember when she got him
she was he was gonna write that book
like if I did it yeah yeah remember that
yeah somebody gave me a copy of that and
I just found it in my office it's signed
by OJ Simpson yes well there is that's
right that's right
hey come on now
yeah anyway we should probably your book
let's do it yeah let's do it
the way it opens is very so we should
tell people that you really
transitioning yes why not no I love it
we should tell you you're from
Pittsburgh yeah and you did your Bat
Mitzvah at the temple where the
Pittsburgh shooter yeah and so that was
like just tell people sure so I grew up
in Squirrel Hill which is like pretty
much down the street from mr. Rogers
like it was quite literally mr. Rogers
neighborhood he's from there and was
amazing place to grow up I became about
Mitzvah in 1997 and it happened at Tree
of Life I actually was a member of a
different synagogue called Beth Shalom
but there had been this fire and so all
of the kids who were becoming a Bar
Mitzvah that year did it at Tree of Life
and you know in the same way that people
think about 9/11 as a date I think about
also October 27 2018 because that
morning I was in Arizona to give a
speech to a group and I looked at my
phone around 10:00 in the morning to
like my family whatsapp chat and my
youngest sister had just said there's a
shooter at tree of life and my thought
immediately went to my dad because my
dad is kind of what we think of as like
a promiscuous Jew like he goes to
different synagogues he you know pays
membership dues at various ones he likes
the sermons at 1:00 and the you know the
the Scotch at another and I thought that
there was a good possibility that he was
there
thank God he was not there but my mom
wrote back you know we're gonna know
people there my dad knew most of the
people eleven people were killed it was
the most lethal anti-semitic attack in
all of American history
I knew several of the people that were
killed and I ended up I was supposed to
actually go to Israel the next day on a
reporting trip to report on this
fascinating archaeological dig but I
ended up putting that trip off doing
that story later and just spending the
week to see what happened what happens
to a community when when something like
this goes down because like we read
about mass shootings all the time right
so much so that they become kind of an
abstraction and I you know I don't
report on this stuff so I had never
borne witness to what unfolds and it was
it was a really transformative week and
I write this in the book but I feel like
in retrospect I had spent my life on a
kind of holiday from history both
because I was you know I'm a Jew of the
post-war era which is to say the lime
part of the luckiest Diaspora in all of
Jewish history like the Jews since the
end of World War two in this country
have had it better than we've ever had
it ever before and all of the kind of
mythology about what America could be
the idea that it's a shining city on a
hill the idea that it's a New Jerusalem
like I was raised on those ideas and
even though anti-semitic things happen
to me like speaking of Catholic school
like I would wait for the school bus to
my Jewish day school with my sister and
there was this Catholic school bus that
would drive by and they would scream you
know kikes and dirty Jews and wear your
horns and I remember in high school
people someone telling me to pick up
pennies like things happen but it all
kind of like didn't register it really
rolled off my back because I saw those
as like vestiges from an earlier and
uglier time like something that those
people should be embarrassed about not
something that said anything about me
and you know even after Pittsburgh
though I was kind of like you could
still delude yourself into thinking like
this is a one-off it shouldn't change
you know the fundamental Jewish America
an assessment of our experience here and
our place of belonging here but then six
months later to the to the day there's
another white supremacist attack on a
synagogue in Poway California and then
we've had you know we've had this rash
of violent anti-semitic attacks
happening in the New York area which I
hope we'll talk about but you know it's
weird because I grew up in a very
political family like my mom my dad's a
political conservative my mom's a
liberal were obsessed with politics we
were always talking about politics and
and we're always talking about like Jews
right like we're really proudly Jewish
family and so it wasn't that I thought
anti-semitism had died like I was you
know I watched anti-semitism as it was
sort of resurging in countries like
France and England in Western Europe but
I sort of looked at all of that with a
with some level of distance and maybe
even a little condescension like we're
sort of inoculated from that disease in
America America's singular America is
sort of separate from the tragedy of so
much of Jewish history and I have to say
that like it sounds naive but I was sort
of shocked to see it that it's here too
you know and that we haven't escaped
from it and I mean that that awakening
happened a little bit before Pittsburgh
which is it happened I think it was
April 2017 you'll correct me but when
was the Charlottesville March remember
the unite the right March Jeff I know
but I remember being shocked right when
those people were marching and they were
shouting blood and soil like gluten
Bowden which is a Nazi slogan and the
Jew will not replace her exactly right
and the Jew will not replace us and when
I heard the Jew yeah sorry August 2017
when I heard you won't like the Jews
will not replace us right I heard it in
like the plain meaning of that phrase
like the Jew is not going to take my job
the Jew is not gonna like take my job in
the corner office or whatever but in
fact it was like a reflection of this
replacement theory ideology which is
that brown people and black people and
Muslims and immigrants are coming to
replace our white civilization and the
the the Jews job is basically to pass as
a white person but in fact do the
bidding of these people that we deem to
be not pure where does that come from
that is a deeply deeply ancient
anti-semitic conspiracy theory right
it's the idea of let's go back to the
New Testament let's go back to to Jesus
right what happens in that story the
story there is that the Jews go to
Pontius Pilate and say you know like
this person is unacceptable to us and in
the mythology of that story
the Jews get what was then the most
powerful empire in the world the Roman
Empire to do their bidding and you have
this line in the book of Matthew that is
so so I mean the bloodiness of this line
cannot be quantified where he says you
know his blood be on us and on our
children which goes you know down
through the centuries to justify the
killing of of Jew of you know untold
numbers of Jews but the idea of the Jew
is sort of like the wily manipulator as
the Jew as having proximity to power not
being in power but being able to sort of
be the puppet master pulling the levers
of power you see that play out in lots
of different iterations through time
right you see it I'm trying to think
about useful examples for your listeners
but but that is sort of the trope right
and it is an ancient one but it's being
utilized in really new ways so it's not
literally that the Jew is going to
replace us that is that the Jew who the
Jew in a way is sort of like the
greatest trick the devil has ever played
and this is the language of Eric Ward
who wrote this amazing essay called skin
in the game and he talks he's in he's a
black anti-racist activists and he talks
about figuring out how anti-semitism is
kind of the linchpin of white supremacy
because the Jew appears to be white
in fact he's not white I mean this is
all based on this lie that Rhys is not a
social company the race is not a
construct right it's which it is but
they're saying that the Jew is not white
but he appears to be white but in fact
he's loyal to these people who are
coming to sully America and so when you
have someone like Congressman Steve King
saying we can't replace our civilization
with someone else's babies like what
does that mean what is that idea it is
so deeply anti-american because the idea
of America right is the idea that
Americanist is not about bloodline
Americanist is about a shared set of
values and ideas and fealty to those
ideas so the idea that someone else is
but what does that mean you know it
doesn't make any sense because this
entire country is based on immigrants of
course and you know as we talked about
with the Native Americans I mean you
want to we have replaced our country
we've taken over their country it was
theirs first what we're talking about
with anti-semitism one of the reasons
why it's always been so confusing to me
is because it seems to be this there
there there's a lot of these white
supremacists that they they lean in that
or they lean towards anti-semitism first
like almost the the it's almost more
acceptable it's almost more like they
think they can get away with it they'll
find more support online if like if you
say online in a lot of these forums like
if you say hey we got to get rid of all
these black people you're you're gonna
there's gonna be so many more red flags
than if you say we have to get rid of
Jews mm-hmm like that that doesn't I
don't understand that one because I it's
when people look different from you if
you are an Asian person who is racist
against black people or a black person
who's racist against white people or if
someone's different than you that it's
leaf racism is racism is always
disgusting it's always horrific and
ignorant but at least I can kind of see
how you could be tricked into thinking
that way I don't understand
anti-semitism anti-semitism is not just
a normal bigotry right
it's a conspiracy theory it's a way of
understanding and making sense of the
world especially in times of economic
and social upheaval the reason that
anti-semitism is resurgent right now is
because I'm not justifying it but it's
because we're in going back to our
earlier conversation a time where people
are disoriented they're disaffected
they're confused they're shortchanged
and they're looking for an easy answer
so looking for a scapegoat yes but
there's no lines that point to Jews this
is what's so confusing to me it's like
there's no there's no clue
there's no clear thing do you know what
I'm saying well it's you have to wrap
your mind around the idea which is a
huge huge huge idea that anti-semitism
is built into the scaffolding of Western
civilization period it's never going
away it's like think about it like an
intellectual disease that's built into
the foundations of the civilization that
we live in and in times where that
civilization or that's a given society
is healthy anti-semitism along with
xenophobia and racism and all kinds of
other bigotry are sort of kept in check
and when the society becomes unhealthy
and we're living in a deeply unhealthy
society in many different ways right now
anti-semitism is something that people
reach for right it's like if you want to
understand like the Nazi rise to power
you kind of can't understand it without
looking to the fact that there was you
know an incredible economic depression
in Germany and there was a scapegoat and
if you look it's not to justify it but
if you look throughout history right
look at the bubonic plague the bubonic
plague came because of rats to the
European continent that were brought on
ships from Crimea but people did not at
the time they looked why who did they
blame they blame the Jews the Jews were
dying at a lesser rate than their
non-jewish neighbors probably because of
religious rituals that Jews have like
washing your hands before you break
bread and say a blessing dunking in the
ritual baths before the Sabbath and all
of these other things that probably kept
them more protected against the plague
than their neighbors but rather than
looking into it and saying
oh maybe they're doing something right
and something we should mimic their
neighbors said kill the Jews literally
like throw the Jews down the well and it
led to you know massive pogroms killing
Jews for and the claim was that the Jews
literally poisoned the drinking water
throughout Europe so it's like it's this
irrational hatred but it is so so deep
because it goes back to the most
important myth that Western civilization
is built on and that is the Christian
story Jewish people are it's it's does
that make any sense it makes a lot of
sense but the fact that it still
continues it make any sense that reason
I it's very hard to talk about this is
because it's so enormous
it's like accepting the fact that it's
like you have to accept as a
foundational principle that this is
baked into the world that we live in and
we're never gonna cure it and it's never
going to go completely away the best
thing that we can do is build healthy
cultures that protect certain virtues
like Liberty like freedom of the
individual like religious liberty all
the things like it's not a coincidence
that America has been so good for the
Jews it's because so many of the ideas
that protect minorities and religious
minorities like Jews were sort of for
all of their fault for all of the
founders faults right and they had many
including owning people but you know
George Washington in his he writes this
letter to the first Jewish community of
this country in Rhode Island and he says
something that was then incredibly
radical which is pathetic that it was
but he says no Jews in America are not
just going to be tolerated they're gonna
possess the same the same citizenship as
everyone else that at the time was a
radical departure from history in the
Islamic world the Jews had always lived
as dim ease as second-class citizens and
in the Christian world it was worse I
mean what would people forget right it's
like right now radical Islam when it
comes to the religions is the greatest
threat to Jews but for most of its
history Islam was much more tolerant of
Jews than Christianity was
which is something that's kind of like
has gotten lost to history the phrase
it's never going to go away
yeah bothers the shit out of me but I'm
being honest with you you don't think
that it's possible that we can evolve
past where we're at now yeah in a
utopian idea yes but I just knew utopia
is a scale where human beings used to be
a hundred two hundred years from now and
you scale it up a hundred two hundred
years from now we're clearly moving I
mean I think one of the reasons while
the social justice warrior shit is going
on right now I think it's good I think
there's good signs the sign is that all
these things are moving to stamp out
racism to stamp out sexism stamp out
misogyny and in homophobia and all those
things that we know are a real problem
in culture and society it's the
overcorrection the overreaction the
virtue signaling that's driving people
nuts but the trend is all moving towards
an area where any rational reasonable
person thinks this is a good thing it's
a good thing to not be sexist it's a
good thing to not be homophobic it's a
good thing to not be racist it's all
moving in that direction it's just doing
so in this chaotic virtue signaling very
obviously sort of a manufactured way hmm
I hope you're right I think I am but but
the thing that's strange again about
this particular pathology is that some
of the most anti-semitic countries in
the world are countries with no Jews
right like Egypt has less than 20 Jews
you know honey
20 do you know them no is Warren in
Afghanistan Jesus one person get out one
who are you hey Jew and Afghanistan bro
he was there there were two until
recently and of course they weren't
talking to each other hop on a yak
fucking make your way over the moment
the point is like Egypt's one of the
most anti-semitic countries in the world
and there are no Jews there how do you
explain that
yeah this doesn't make any sense Jews
Jewish people are very unusual in that
they are a culture a race and a religion
people a people yellow tribe yes the
categories don't fit modern modernity
yeah that's what's so confusing about us
yes right like we presaged all of those
categories that you just laid out which
is what makes us so hard to categorize
the only thing that mirrors it in some
in some way is Muslims in in some way
Muslims they've very wide wildly in
terms of how they look in terms of what
part of the world they're from but they
think of themselves as Muslims and
Christians think of themselves as
Christian yes but it's not as tribal
it's it's a minor it's not a lot not a
lot of difference but enough difference
that you could categorize it in a
different way but the difference right
is you can't be an atheist Christian or
an atheist Muslim right you can be an
atheist you there's a million of my best
friends Ari Shaffir is an atheist you
it's it's a strange group and do you
think that because of that because when
when people are so loyal to their own
people which is one thing that I
actually admire about Jewish people I
think it's it's will be nice if more
people were like that that they are
profoundly Pro Jewish there's not a lot
of apathetic Jews towards Judaism or
towards the tribe I should say well
there's a reason for that there's like
you know when you ask the norm an
average American how many Jews they
think are in America in the world you
get like this enormous number we're less
than 2 percent of the population in
America and there's something like 13
million of us in the entire world less
than 2 percent yes isn't that the same
as transgender people I don't know mit
expert on that you know I don't know
about I just know about crazy stories in
the news whenever a guy wants get his
balls washed it has a builds business
closed down because of it but that just
that this do you think that that might
have something to do with it that this
know what people for whatever reason
when they see someone who is in this
sort of I mean I don't want to use the
word isolated because they're not really
Jewish folks in America are not really
isolated unless maybe like Hasidic C
could say they're very in a very
established community in Brooklyn and in
other parts of the country but that
maybe people look
at this community this truck and they
think they don't give a fuck about us
they only care about Jewish folks they
might think that and that would be an
anti-semitic idea you know in the same
like there's this really strange idea
that people think that Jews cause
anti-semitism right like when the evil
man who walked into the Walmart in El
Paso talked about a Hispanic invasion
and then went into that Walmart and
killed I think upwards of 20 people no
one thought maybe he's right maybe there
is a Hispanic invasion maybe that was
like somehow justified because he saw
them as insular or isolated or looking
out for each other do you know and I
mean like that would be a crazy idea
right right and yet when it comes to the
Jews people are like well you know they
wear their funny hats well you know they
seem to you know be looking out for one
another I mean like but do you think
they were that kind of rationalizations
after the tree of life horrific massacre
do you think that people are saying that
like hey they wear their funny hats they
like people just looked at it like this
is horrible this is disgusting in that
case yes but not in the case of what's
been going on in Brooklyn there we keep
hearing things like this is the result
of communal friction as if you know
disputes over zoning laws cause someone
to pick up a machete the size of a
broomstick walk into a rabbis house and
hack people up that was the story I
emailed you about yeah it's just do you
see what I'm saying so like the case of
tree of life let's take that that's like
a very what that's like a clean case in
the sense of these are innocents mostly
elderly - two of the brothers who I knew
who were killed or mentally disabled
okay was the people that show up to
services on time which is a certain kind
of person and you have this white
supremacist
who says all Jews must die he's totally
unequivocal about it he and he goes in
and he tries to do that so you have just
a case of someone who any reasonable
person sees is evil which is this
neo-nazi and people who any reasonable
person see is totally innocent which is
you know Jews in prayer was the guy the
shooter killed
no he's standing trial yeah did and
there were and and he actually embodied
this thing sorry I stopped no I just
what the question was like who do they
when they have something like that do
they extensively interview him and try
to figure out what the fuck brought him
to that
I mean is he schizophrenic is he well a
lot of the people like the guy in the
Munsey case that we're gonna talk about
the machete guy he showed signs of
mental illness I think that Robert
Bowers in Pittsburgh also did but you
know but then so did Dylan roof the guy
that killed however many people he
killed at the Blackshirts Church in
Charleston South Carolina but he was
also white supremacist it's like these
hateful ideologies often they draw
people that are deranged or young or
somehow on the fringes of society with a
guy in Pittsburgh he was deep into this
replacement theory ideology the reason
that he selected tree of life as his
synagogue is because tree of life the
previous weekend had participated in
this program called National Refugee
Shabbat or Sabbath it was celebrating
the idea of welcoming the stranger which
is a fundamental Jewish value do not
oppress a stranger because you were
strangers in the land of Egypt and he
said specifically that you know highest
the group that was organizing this
National Refugee shabad it stands for
Hebrew immigrant Aid Society it started
in the 1800s as a way of resettling
Eastern European Jews who were fleeing
pogroms in Eastern Europe now works to
resettle refugees including Jews all
over the world and he specifically
selected tree of life because of that
because he said the Jews are bringing in
the dirty immigrants into this society
so he was like kind of the perfect
embodiment of white supremacists
replacement theory ideas in Brooklyn
it's much harder cases because it's much
harder for people to talk about because
how do you talk about the fact that in
many of these cases and a lot of them
have been caught on CCTV you know that
it's a young black man attacking on a
Hasidic guy walking down the street and
who's visibly Jewish it's much harder to
talk about when someone is someone who
we
talk about as being rightly as being
from a group that is himself victimized
a poor black kid in Brooklyn
is then going on to victimize another
minority group it's just much harder
when the attacker is not a white
supremacist to talk about it that that
is a strange one the Hasidic one is a
strange one but in some ways I think
it's easier for ignorant people to look
at them as the other because the way
they clearly distinctly dress they dress
so much different it's almost like if
yet Amish people move in and they stuck
to themselves they lived in one sort of
community I think they would probably
experience a similar level of hatred but
then you add into it the sort of
acceptance of anti-semitism in a lot of
communities it's like it's ramped up but
there's this myth that the Jewish
communities of Brooklyn are interlopers
they've been there for more than a
hundred years they've been in Crown
Heights in Borough Park than before
Caribbeans before lots of other
communities the mythology like mythology
yeah the interloper the cultural vulture
the evil landlord like these are
themselves expressions of the
anti-semitic idea and people don't even
realize it well I think there's also a
genuine jealousy in the accomplishments
and achievements of Jewish people you
know I mean if you look at Nobel Prize
winners from from Europe in particular I
mean how many of them are European Jews
it's fucking stunning
you know it's stunning when you look at
the amount of lawyers I mean we don't
just joke around about my Jewish lawyer
yeah you know I mean it's like a
standard thing you think of doctors and
how many successful and educated people
are Jewish and that's one of the things
you actually touch a touch on in in your
book you you were talking about I mean
it's how but then why is successful
Jewish people have become in this
country and there's got to be some sort
of a resentment for that as well
especially by again we're talking about
mentally deranged people people with
like severe some of them are mentally
deranged but some of them are young some
of them are that's what's really
difficult impressionable yeah yeah it's
like the the disease is sort of like
Unleashed you know it's like Dylan roof
was mentally ill but he chose a black
church he didn't choose you know a white
Mormon
right it's like the guy in muncie he was
mentally ill by all accounts but he
googled you know like why did Hitler
hate the Jews and he googled various
synagogues yeah I mean the really and
you know do you remember last time I was
on here the Covington video remember the
Covington feels like it that had just
come out right do you remember in the
video there were those two or three
black men who were members of this sect
the black Hebrew Israelite the Hebrew
Israelites and everyone kind of laughed
them off is like haha they're just this
obnoxious weird sect yeah well they
their ideology right the idea that the
Jews are not the real Jews that were
pretenders to the faith that the Jews
are behind the slave trade that the Jews
are subhuman vermin that was the
ideology that informed this recent
attack in Jersey City I don't know if
you followed that one that was the one
where it was a couple and they were
driving or they wanted to target police
officers and Jews and they targeted
these officers and Jews yes yes they
hated pigs and they hated Jews that's
what they there were diary entries and
Google searches and think I mean it
sounds horrible to say but they I went
the next day to Jersey City to see to
see the aftermath of it and they had
targeted specifically this kosher
grocery store and they ended up killing
I think for people but literally this
right above the grocery store to the
left it's a grocery store and then a
synagogue and above the synagogue is a
school where there were like 50 young
children and thank God they weren't
murdered then they find comes to light
if you like a week ago that they had a
bomb in the u-haul that had the range of
five football fields that they wanted to
deploy I mean and everyone was laughing
ha like look at these crazy people that
believe this crazy ideology well this
crazy ideology is moving people to do
very very violent things and there are
things that things that haven't even
made the news you know like you know if
we believe this idea right that the that
this what's going on in Brooklyn as the
result of communal friction well how
does that explain my friend's
father-in-law who was walking on the
Upper East Side wearing a yarmulke on
his head and gets the shit kicked out of
him how
does that explain my friend of rum who
is a progressive Jew wears a rainbow
yarmulke is on the subway and he has
he's had several interactions with this
group who scream at him hold one of them
held up a picture of Louis Farrakhan
saying you're not a real Jew you're a
faggot all of these horrible things this
is like creeping in everywhere I had a
friend on the Lower East Side that was
visibly Jewish not wearing a black hat
wearing a yarmulke but looked like you
were me got punched this was like two
years ago by a black Israel no he was
just a random guy but that's no not all
of these are black Israelites what I'm
saying is that there's this kind of
inchoate hate that's like being
unleashed and that's the thing that's
most disturbing like if you look at the
anti-defamation league statistics only a
small percentage of hate crimes
committed against Jews something like
15% last year were committed by white
supremacist they're among the most
violent and the most visible but who's
the rest of them that's actually more
alarming to me the fact that it's like
coming from all of these different
directions and how do you contain it
once it's been unleashed when you think
about these social media sites
gab was one where this guy who shot up
the tree of life that was a member of
and is is this like I'm not a I'm
clearly not a proponent of censorship
but do people do you think they get
radicalized in these when you get to a
forum where there's no restrictions
whatsoever on language or ideology or
behavior you could say whatever you want
as long as it's long as you're not
saying something you don't I mean gab
has rules like you can't do things that
are illegal you can't threaten someone
you can't put up their address you can't
but you could say a lot of really fucked
up shit and they're not gonna they're
not gonna police you do you think that
these places that do allow free speech
that there's a catch-22 to it in some
ways it's great to be able to express
yourself freely but in other ways you
can get radicalized and they can they
can it can lead to a lot of people
forming these groups where they support
each other in these fucked up ideas yeah
I'll see to things
one of the reasons that I feel so
strongly about keeping the spectrum of
acceptable opinions so like as wide as
possible is because I think that the
narrower it shrinks like we're talking
about normal ideas being closeted then
people go into these underground layers
online and they become radicalized right
because they're like that you know the
elites are in the mainstream media or
whoever they're not telling the truth
they're lying to me so there's this
secret world and this secret world has
all of these actually bigoted ideas
Junor and I mean yes so do I think that
it is a catch-22 yeah yes I mean the
whole thing about the world were living
in is that you no longer have to like
find a KKK meeting you don't have to
find a jihadist preacher you don't have
to fight you know go down the line you
just have to find a reddit chat or a
4chan chat or something on gab comm and
you find your little online village like
it no longer requires a real person or
real interaction right and there's no
stakes because there's no shame because
you can just be totally anonymous in
these forums right so I just like I I
think that social media is supercharging
this in a way that like we can't even
grasp and it's very hard for those of us
like me and you who want to protect free
speech and Liberty to think about how to
deal with it you're right how do you
deal with that like when you have
someone like the Christchurch shooter
who was live-streaming this and making
references to you know what what did
what do you think he referenced the Tree
of Life
reference PewDiePie as well like yeah he
was it's like all in elaborate troll
that's what's crazy it's like he's shit
posting and murdering at the same time
and what is the I mean there's no in my
eyes there's no clear solution to that I
don't want to restrict free speech I
certainly don't want you don't want to
honest people you also don't want
someone to be free - yes live stream
killing people on a platform right but
how could you I mean there there are men
at scale how could you possibly know
when someone's live-streaming that
they're about to go and kill people
right when the guys never killed anybody
before and then all of a sudden he's got
this camera on and he walks in the
synagogue and he starts shooting no
that's right it was a mask with him it
was two mosques he killed like 52 people
yeah I mean it's all insane
what how do you how do we manage that I
mean what what do we do what do we do
and that certainty there's no in my mind
there's no clear answer here there's not
a clear answer but I think that look the
idea that a private company should be
obligated to stream someone killing
someone or let's even go like take it
less stakes than that call Jews kikes
why should why should a private company
say yes to that it's degrading what the
platform is right yeah that makes sense
that makes sense the question is where
does that line get drawn I know you know
this is this is the real problem I mean
there's people that get kicked off of
certain social media sites for just not
representing well culturally for
instance Megan Marco knows I don't know
what is her name Mary Murphy Megan
Murphy that woman who got kicked off of
Twitter because she said a man is never
a woman and she got kicked off for life
totally but this is what I mean about
when reasonable opinions when the
spectrum of what is reasonable
becomes so narrow people radicalize yes
and they go to these bigoted ideas yes
and it's an enormous like it's like why
do we need a healthy conversation about
immigration and like in the the
conversation about immigration is I
think very very limited and what people
say and you know what they what is
acceptable like it's like open borders
or xenophobia right you know and there
has to be kind of reasonable middle and
way to talk about it yeah because if not
people self radicalized that's just I
just see that happening again and again
and again on so many different topics
yeah the immigration angle is a perfect
example that I mean should be absolutely
possible for hard-working people to make
it to America and do better it also
should be possible for us to keep gang
members
cartel members from crossing the border
freely and shooting people and killing
people and selling drugs in our
communities and all the things that were
scared of when it comes to the open
border policy idea the the thing about
the the social media thing in in a lot
of ways it's this new experiment right
there's something that we've never had
before like if you like you're saying
about a KKK meeting you used to have to
go to one okay right and now you don't
don't just have to go to stormfront or
wherever you know whatever website you
can find that supports your ideas and
this is this is a new challenge and
there's a new challenge that hasn't
really been mapped out nor has it been I
don't know if it's been rationally
dissected in terms of like if we do this
this could happen if we don't do this
this could happen which is is a or B
better well how do we stop a or or B
from happening how do we somehow or
another educate and improve how do we
reach out to a lot of these people that
are going to get radicalized and offer
them some sort of a positive community
as as a possible alternative because
this is what a lot of this stuff is a
lot of these people that get radicalized
one thing that happens is you don't have
anyone that cares about you or supports
you but you find people that are very
strongly believe in an idea
they believe in an idea an awful idea so
much so that they're willing to kill
people for that idea and then you find a
bunch of them and then they reinforce
each other's beliefs totally with these
positive affirmations and and they're
essentially they're signaling to them
they're virtually signaling to these
horrible people that they also agree
with a lot of these ideas and then you
go out and you do something you act like
the guy in Charlottesville that ran over
that girl this these these horrific acts
are almost there encouraged and
supported by these tight-knit groups of
people that all they're all they're all
fucked up and fucked up people find each
other and hurt people hurt people right
so they find this category of people is
this group of people whether it's online
or whether they actually have to go to a
KKK meaning but and they find support
this is a group that somehow or another
gets them
what's I think one of the things that's
alarming about our politics right now is
like things that were just regarded up
until like five years ago as the kind of
lunatic fringe have made their way into
mainstream politics like sleep Steve
banning proudly declared himself like
and Breitbart
as the platform of the alt-right and
then Steve Bannon was sitting down the
hall from the President of the United
States what was they all right in the
beginning though see the alt-right
became something in the public eye in
the beginning I thought the alt-right
was like Young Republicans that were a
little different you know thing I don't
know why this no no no not now yeah for
sure but I mean in the end my
perceptions of the all right in the
beginning was like what I thought my
lowly innopolis was when he first burst
onto the scene sort of like you know a
guy who's the whole thing that Milo is
revealed right just like it was an
ironic posture that revealed like if
you're joking about you know fags and
kikes you're still saying the thing well
but he's gay and he's Jewish and so the
idea was that he could get away with
these things provocateur was the word I
was looking for this is essentially what
he's doing and he's using that to build
social currency right that social
currencies developing this large group
of people that follow him and talk to
him and he thinks that there's some
merit to his idea so he finds some sort
of justification for having these
provocative conversations in this stance
where he's saying these things and a big
proponent of free speech and all these
things are happening all at the same
time that's what I thought the alt-right
was initially what I thought the
alt-right was initially was people that
wanted a new younger more more current
take on what a Republican is and then it
became racist and then it became you
know all the things that we think of it
now in terms of like public perceptions
yeah okay the house themselves art right
now who even says there all right I mean
it's almost like such pejorative like
the label has become so toxic but but
the law
don't misunderstand the fading of the
for the power of the movement it's just
become kind of more normal Republican
now all trite ideas have been subsumed
by the trumpet Republican Party to some
extent like which ideas
I mean look like the idea that some
Americans are less American than others
that is certainly an all trite idea that
I think is extremely dangerous I mean
you saw it when here's here's a great
example when Trump went after the squad
okay as and remember when he said that
they should go back to the totally
broken crime-infested places that they
came from right hahaha
those people were three of them were
born in America one is a naturalized US
citizen the idea there right as I heard
it and maybe I'm hearing something
you're not that some Americans because
of their skin color or their ideas sort
of have provisional belonging here for
me is a very very it's more than a dog
whistle brought something that is deeply
on American and deeply bigoted if he had
said that about one person who had come
here from somewhere else that was awful
and was criticizing America then that
would be a more valid statement and that
would be like Ileana Omar is not from
America
initially alone Omar no but and I can't
stand her ideas but she's a naturalized
citizen who is sworn to uphold the
values of the Constitution yes she's
just as American as me or Donald Trump
or you know I agree and I also agree
that this idea that go back to where you
were that sucks is the response to
someone criticizing the way things are
here is pretty ridiculous
you know I have to go back to where it
sucks you're here and you're a United
States citizen you just think that this
place should be better yes and you can
just agree with their ideas but that I
that concept right that you're not
entirely of a place right that is
something that has been used against
Jews forever the idea that you're not
fully Iraqi because you're Jewish or
you're not fully American because you're
Jewish or you're not fully French
because you're Jewish like the idea of
provisional belonging is something that
is
that I'm extremely sensitive to so it's
a toxic tribalism that's attached to the
concept the alt-right
ideas well but then the OL trite idea is
like there's true mean look at who's
Steve Bannon has made common cause with
right people like Nigel Faraj people
like marine lepen I mean there was a
really good documentary about Steve
Bannon where he's meeting with people
who really are not just like normal
conservatives who is marine lepen marine
lepen what is her party's name in France
she is a deeply xenophobic politician in
France whose father was profoundly
anti-semitic she claims that he's that
she's not but she's someone that you
know you say her name in any Jewish
community and there's president of the
National Front just that name National
Front that sounds like Stormfront it's
really not Marian and preened the French
politician and lawyer serving as a
president national rally political party
since 2011 with a brief interruption
2017 she's been the member of the
National doesn't say what she does
doesn't say okay anyway so back to her
and or Jews or I mean just like I don't
know I I see ideas getting expressed
like there there are people that tucker
carlson has had on his show who are like
a valid white nationalist look who
recently can you google that Jamie there
was a guy that he had on the other day
or even even these whistles right of
like there's a way to criticize did you
find it sorry there's a way to criticize
I lost my train of fellow NORs there's
there's a certain here goes list of cut
Tucker Carlson's guests who have links
to white nationalism but he's he agreed
with these people has he argued against
their ideas Roger stone Roger stones
white nationalist no his links to white
nationalism Peterborough's no there was
something more recently wasn't the first
white nationalist Carlson was it okay
that was 2018 anyway I don't know I mean
are you not alarmed by the turn that you
see in the Republican Party toward sort
of like I don't know the Trump is cult
well I think one thing the Republican
Party has done that's wise if you want
to keep a solidified team is that they
haven't come out against him
and they've supported him and there's
very little dissent and this is this is
a good idea if you want your team to win
right and there was a lot of people who
were kind of never Trump errs who
softened their stance once they realized
the power of his presidency that he's
really there sometimes a minute
sometimes jumpers yeah yeah I'm alarmed
I'm alarmed by people I'm alarmed
whenever there's not were this outward
there's an outward lack of compassion
and when there's an outward disdain for
the other because essentially this
country is all the other the whole thing
that's all we have is the other I mean
that's that's the whole thing well in
the whole thing that yeah yeah I mean
there's just Trump is just beyond the
sort of like he said various things that
are like he was speaking to a Jewish
group and he talked about your Prime
Minister I mean he said so many things
that are ridiculous
but the big big thing that he's guilty
of is he is like dismantled the
guardrails of the keep society decent
and civil and normal and like once you
dismantle those things like it's very
easy to reverse not very easy but you
can reverse policies what's much harder
to reverse is a culture and he has just
been gleefully making war on what I
think of is very very important cultural
norms like like not attacking the
weakest people in our culture like not
attacking gold star families like I mean
he has attacked he's denigrated like the
most heroic and the we
because people at our culture at every
possible turn yeah the gold star family
thing was very disturbing and weird how
it just kind of went away I mean it
didn't go that was I remember that
moment remember when he people forget
this when he said about Judge Alonzo
curial who was born in this country that
he couldn't give a fair hearing to Trump
University because he was born in Mexico
I mean this America yes
this when was this years ago it was
during the candidacy really was it yeah
we you just confirm why Jesus Christ any
say something about loyal Jews you're a
Democrat as well oh yeah that the Jews
are disloyal because they don't vote
Republican because look at all the great
things he's done for Israel know that if
you're a loyal Jew to Israel you would
vote Republican
yeah or that the Jews who don't vote for
him or disloyal I mean yeah that would
snow I was a high point but I mean just
the main like I'm I feel like I haven't
given you a satisfying answer about
anti-semitism itself I think way to
think about it do you remember this it's
too jarring to read Indiana born federal
judge who president Donald Trump once
said could not be impartial because he
was Mexican cleared a major obstacle
standing in the way of trumps
long-promised border wall with thanks
great so I hear that and I'm like oh
that's mmm yeah yeah crazy it's all
feeding this idea that like there are
some people who are more American than
others that are more belonging than
others yes and I think that idea is
despicable right reinforces his tribe
right and that's one thing that Donald
Trump has clearly done is calculate
cultivate rather a tribe you know here's
a tribe I mean they have a fucking they
have a hat yeah right they have a slogan
and it's a weird slogan because it seems
so positive make America great again
that seems positive hmm but it's not
like if you if you like people punch you
if you have that hat on it's so crazy
we've gotten to a point in society that
something that's a positive statement
like make America great again is so
polarizing that people will be violent
towards you and feel like they need to
they feel like they need to like you're
the enemy where this is again when it
comes to the idea of the tribe you know
there's there's positive aspects of
tribalism right it's positive aspects of
community there's positive aspects of
people supporting each other and then
there's negative aspects the tribalism
that we're experiencing in this country
politically is very it's very toxic and
we all we're all aware of it and the
tribalism that we're experiencing
ideologically is very toxic where there
is no nuance and you're not you know
you're either with us or against us and
I think there's some parallels to
anti-semitism there's some well yeah
yeah no I was gonna say that like that
is a culture the whole culture you just
described is one that's deeply unhealthy
for Jews or any difference really and I
yeah it's just not a coincidence amazing
percentage of Jewish people also that
that that club that tribe rather it's I
mean even though there's millions of
Jews there's hundreds of millions of
non-jews yes but it's also a word tribe
than anyone like isn't it you can join
us yes you know it's not there's a lot
of work though sure but yes you can
you're doing the Mormons like you
declare the faith you put on the
undergarments you're Mormon what have
you joined the Muslims they're allowed
to kill you if you leave yes
apostasy yeah but I don't yeah it isn't
I met this amazing guy last night who we
were talking about he grew up in Egypt
hussein abu bakr's his name he's really
incredible grew up in Egypt and was you
know he was like I was swimming in
anti-semitism I just didn't even know it
wasn't normal like the mosque I went to
the school I went to it was like the
Jews were this supervillain and the
whole message was like become a
superhero and go and kill and defeat the
Jews and he was like I went to a normal
mosque normal school this is what I was
taught and I never met a Jew in my life
and he gets arrested during the Arab
Spring because he starts learning Hebrew
on
he's really curious about who the Jews
are and he gets arrested I think they're
suspicious that he's a zionist spy
anyway he ends up getting asylum he
lives here in LA he got arrested for
learning Hebrew oh whoa oh yeah you
think I can like just go visit Egypt I
mean no these are so if you wanted to
visit the pyramids you'd be fucked I
don't know well I would specifically be
fucked because I have like a public
profile as a Jew right um you don't want
to go looking online for my name in some
of these forums it's like really scary
but do you look at it no no there are
people who look at it for me and tell me
what I need to like be aware of and you
know like every cynic every synagogue I
speak to it's like people don't realize
that I went to a synagogue Friday night
in LA like there's armed guards at every
synagogue and Jewish function that I go
to now it's like going through TSA to go
to like imagine that if most Americans
had to do that when they went into
church like we think that's insane but
that is the state of affairs for Jews
and Jews that I know hide evidence of
their identity everywhere they go I
there was a woman who wrote me who was
reading my book on the subway in New
York and was like I'm nervous to be seen
reading a book with this title in public
and like hid it but I understand why
because it's it's become so regular and
everyone else just isn't living their
normal life and we're like sounding the
alarm here because if there's one thing
the Jews have gotten really good at it's
like we have an instinct for danger like
that is something that we have
cultivated over years of being
discriminated against persecuted against
nearly wiped off the map in Europe like
we understand and we smell danger
sometimes but for other people do you
think that anti-semitism is more
prominent on the East Coast and the west
coast I think that's a good question
there are just more Jews on the East
Coast there's a lot of Jews out here
there are yeah there are I don't know I
don't live out here so I'm not sure I
also think it's different right like
there are different kinds of
anti-semitism
like the kind that we've talked about
that comes on the far-right it
brasses itself one way and there's also
anti-semitism that comes smuggled into
the mainstream through the political
left that comes cloaked in language that
is very seductive like the language of
social justice and progress and if the
right claims that the Jews are you know
fake white people the far left claims
that the Jews are handmaidens to white
supremacy so whiteness plays like a
really really key role in the way that
anti-semitism functions right and here
let me explain it this way anti-semitism
is a shape-shifting conspiracy theory
except that right and that is how under
Nazism Jews are the race contaminate
errs how under communism we are the arch
capitalists right how under the idea of
white supremacy we are these fake white
people right we appear to be white
people but we're actually doing the
bidding of these groups who white
supremacist view to be lesser than black
people brown people Muslims immigrants
and how on the far left the Jews are
seen as sort of the great what is the
greatest evil right now to the far left
whiteness and white privilege and Jews
are seen as sort of handmaiden to that
why because of our success because many
of us are of Eastern European descent
eighty-five percent of American Jews are
of Ashkenazi which is of Eastern
European descent so we pass as white so
we have white privilege and so in the
intersectional view of the world right
which reverses the caste system that
we've been living in until now where you
have someone like Jon Hamm at the very
top and black transgender disabled
people at the very bottom
well the intersectional worldview comes
around and reverses that and says no
John Hammond cisgendered white men like
Joe Rogan are now at the very bottom and
at the very top are the transgender
black disabled person and so where are
the Jews in that new intersectional
caste system of the world we're kind of
like right above Jon Hamm or right near
him because we have we enjoy all of the
sort of privileges that he enjoys it's a
crazy thing but that's sort of where we
are in the handmaidens to white
privilege or white supremacy is very
strange that's a very strange one and
the anti-israeli sentiment yes
yeah no I understand what you're saying
and well I see it with people where they
openly expressed disdain for Jewish
people I've seen it from a lot of people
that you would call activists you know
of varying religious identity you mean
left-wing activist yes yeah yeah it's
like I think of it very crudely if
racism is the sin that's sort of
acceptable on the far right hating Jews
is the sin that's acceptable on the far
left the far left because of support for
Israel they believe that Israel is
dominating Palestine and that Hezbollah
is misunderstood and then there's
there's all these different sentiments
that get expressed openly in these left
circles mm-hmm that's right then they're
telling you no they're basically
propagating they're repeating without
even realizing it this Soviet propaganda
line which is the design ISM is racism
which is an unbelievable thing to say
because the majority of Jews who live in
Israel are Jews of North African and
Middle Eastern descent they are
non-white people they are Arabs they are
Arab Jews and yet you have the far left
basically exporting parochial domestic
American racial politics on to a foreign
conflict in place that they know
absolutely nothing about you know these
people are delusional they think that
like all of the conflict in the Middle
East would be resolved if only we took
care of this one tiny conflict between
this tiny group of people and their
neighbors we're in fact it's like a tiny
local conflict in this huge drama of the
Middle East of which there are a zillion
players and you know the Jews of Israel
are only one tiny part of it the the
zionist thing is define the difference
between Jewish Jewish and Zionist okay
Zionist is the idea of that the Jews
have a right to national
self-determination the Jewish shaky of
going no no no no the Jewish longing to
return to the Land of Israel is
something that's like inescapable if you
read the
right like it's all over there the whole
idea of and you can discount it discount
god whatever the fact is is that the
Jews are a people that were birthed sort
of in this land which we now call the
land of Israel and they somehow and they
were expelled by the Romans around two
thousand years ago and then they came
back to that land right it's it's like
they defied the logic of history in
doing that because by all rights they
were an indigenous group to that land
they were kicked out and expelled and
then they went back 2,000 years later
like it's a crazy extraordinary story so
leave that to one part tsiyon ISM the
way that I the way that I I think is the
simplest definition is the belief in the
Jewish right to self-determination and
it's the Jewish liberation movement and
so in the night let's go back to like
pre 1948 which is the year that the
State of Israel is established and you
have Jews in you know pullin in all of
these other places debating like what is
the way that we can solve our constant
just like the systemic oppression that
we are constantly enduring and there are
all of these different responses to that
problem one argument was the socialist
argument you know if we are the you know
the anti-capitalist argument if the
problem is capitalism and if only we
defeat capitalism anti-semitism will go
away some argued that total assimilation
was the right way to solve it we just
need to kind of disappear as Jews that's
the only way we'll be fully accepted and
another group you know which was not
even the most popular group is this idea
of we need to be able to determine our
own fate and the own we will never be
fully accepted the only way that we can
determine our own fate is if is this
idea of us having our own state and our
own army where we can protect ourselves
and that is ultimately the idea that
sort of wins out so when you're having a
debate about you know when people say
today they're an anti Zionist yeah the
reason that that is so problematic is
they're not making that argument in
1920s Eastern Europe when the state
doesn't exist it's one thing to be an
anti Zionist in
theory right it's the same analogy I
like to make is if we're a couple and we
want to have a baby and we're debating
should we have the baby can we afford
the baby where we can send the baby to
school all this stuff that's a totally
moral argument to make you can't make
that argument of should we have the baby
after the baby is born the baby is born
it exists Israel exists it's a place
it's not an idea it's not an abstraction
it is a place that contains the largest
Jewish community on planet Earth and so
when people say that Israel doesn't have
a right to exist it's like what are you
talking about it exists so what do you
want what so I asked the person that
makes the anti-zionist argument what do
you imagine will happen like are you do
you think that you're you're advocating
for and genocide right away or like you
have to have no sense of Middle Eastern
history or politics to make the argument
that you can be a minority in that
region without protection we know what
that looks like that looks like the
story of the azita's it looks like the
story of the Kurds the story of the
Zoroastrians the story frankly of
Christians who are going to be
completely expelled from the Middle East
within the next decade which is a story
no one talks about so the anti Zionist
sentiment when people start talking
about Zionists what they're essentially
talking about is Israel just existing
yes they're anti-israel existing correct
and Jeremy Corbyn made this very plain
where he actually said the words the BBC
has a bias towards believing that Israel
has a right to exist who said that
yes yes so he's thinking confirmed and
he's on the left like he's on the feet
epitomizes the the sort of anti Zionism
which bleeds into anti-semitism of the
far left meaning let me put it this way
anti-zionism has become such a plank of
like normative political progressivism
that if you're an eighteen year old and
you go onto a college campus and you're
like during the you know orientation
week you're signing up for like
legalizing pot club and better rights
for cafeteria workers oh and by the way
you know the boycott divestment
sanctions movement against Israel which
is an anti Zionist movement you're not
an anti-semite you don't hate
you're just kind of like swimming along
with progressive waters because that's
how successful this movement has been
but if you step back in your leg wait
hold on there's a political movement
gaining popularity in the West that was
in fact embodied in the person of Jeremy
Corbyn and what became of his labour
party that believes that there's only
one state in the world that doesn't have
a right to exist like that's crazy
I can't believe he actually said that he
did do we he said a lot of things
apparently I'm kind of funny he
definitely said it
he's a ridiculous person one of my
favorite things that he said was I mean
he's what is he like fucking 60 he's
like my pronouns are he/him like shut
the fuck up like like I see what you're
doing I know what you're doing just
crushed yeah you know I think the thing
to like the analogy I make is like
America has done horrible things we have
you know the example everyone loves
right now is children in cages at the
border yeah it's a disgusting immoral
thing that we're doing but no one goes
from that horrible policy to say America
shouldn't exist and we should just meld
into Canada or Mexico and by the way
they're saying that they're making that
argument in a context where they are
literally surrounded by neighbors who
want to murder as many Jews and Jewish
Israelis as possible like it's it's an
immoral or it's it's a like it's it's an
argument that I really can't wrap my
mind around like how people get away
with making it well it's a strange
concept to even say that it doesn't have
the right to exist when it does exist
correct
but so I could see how you could say hey
what does he say Jeremy Corbyn accused
of anti-semitism over shocking 2011
video when she questions Israel's right
to exist and says the BBC is biased in
favor of the Jewish state questions our
right to exist see I could see how
someone could say that there is evidence
that some Israelis Israeli soldiers have
done horrific things to Palestinian
course I have yes of course they have
yes I will never deny that and I could
see how you could look at the where
Palestine is
in the state of the Palestinian people
and saying there has to be a better way
for them it has to be a better
civilization for them it has to it has
to improve these are human beings they
have it has to be a better just a better
situation I mean they're not even
recognized as a true state or as a true
country by a lot of people I could see
that yes that because distinguished
right yes I believe that because I'm a
human being and I believe that also
because I'm a Zionist I don't want the
State of Israel and the state of that's
supposed to be embodying Jewish ideas to
be occupying and other people like that
is a state like that is horrible what
can be done about well here's the
problem right we saw what happened in
the Israeli pull out from the Gaza Strip
it pulled out completely all of the
settlements from the Gaza Strip there's
not a single Jew left there it's
completely udin right and yet Hamas is
still sending tons of rockets from the
Gaza Strip into Israel the occupation
there is ended it's over and that's
still going on and so then you have to
ask yourself like does the average
Palestinian like I believe that the
average Palestinian I've spent time in
the West Bank talking to Palestinians
whose lives are in misery 'td by the by
the Israeli occupation like they just
want to live a normal life you know and
yet they are being held hostage I spoke
to this young mother in Gaza who fled
and she said to me on the phone were
being sort of misery at twice you know
once was by Israel and now by our own
leaders by Hamas right these are like
kleptocratic authoritarian regimes that
hate women that hate gay people I mean
it's horrible like life under these
regimes is absolutely horrible so the
problem is Israel then sees what happens
in Gaza and they're like okay we're in
this situation where we want to be a
liberal democracy and yet were you know
occupying another people it's in it's an
untenable situation if you want to be a
liberal democracy to occupy in other
people the
problem is is literally geographically
if they pull out of the West Bank they
will likely have another situation like
they had in Gaza and now all of a sudden
not only do you have Rockets going to
the south of the country in places like
stay wrote from Gaza you have rockets
capable of reaching Tel Aviv and the
population centers of Israel so what do
you do what do you do I don't know does
anyone know I don't have a rational
course no really no I mean I think I
think one of the the places we've
arrived to write is like what does
Palestinian nationalism really seek
Western liberals like me want or for
years I told myself and I think this was
certainly like the view of lots of
experts but what Palestinian nationalism
really wanted was a Palestinian state
Palestinian just want self-determination
like everyone else in the world and I am
absolutely on board with that the
problem is is that their leaders and
then you look at some of these polls and
the numbers are really disturbing and
they say no the goal is not having our
own state alongside Israel the goal is
erasing Israel the goal is for Israel
not to be there right and then you look
at the evidence of all of these peace
offers that were you know Oslo and Camp
David and we can go on and on and they
were all rejected so it's like is the
goal your own land and having a place of
your own or is the national or have we
told ourselves and I include myself in
this a lie about what Palestinian
nationalism or at least parts of it seek
and that's really really upsetting to
confront so the hard core position from
people like from Hezbollah is that
Israel is stolen yes Palestinian people
yes yeah and so but Hezbollah remembers
in southern Lebanon yeah right that's
like you know but they're all Iranian
proxies and Hamas oh yeah
Hezbollah all these they're all Iranian
proxies Hezbollah is in Iranian proxies
yeah and Hamas as well right mm-hmm and
they're all their position is that
Israel shouldn't exist oh absolutely
they do not want any
which state between the Jordan River and
the Mediterranean Sea they believe that
any Jewish presence in the Middle East
is heretical and that's what they
believe that's probably also accentuated
by our support for Israel all right
because the United States is fully in
support of Israel militarily politically
socially I mean that's like saying you
know I'm trying to think of the right
analogy here I mean they're they're not
like these are these are terrorist
groups
unless you think terror like terrorism
is rational I don't think that anything
is accentuated by like I think they
would think that about Israel whether or
not the US was supporting Israel yeah
when you see a situation like that where
there doesn't seem to be a solution
mm-hmm it's well the solution is
shrinking the conflict as much as
possible right I do not believe right
now you can resolve the conflict because
Israelis who have lived through times
where it was normal for buses and cafes
to just blow up you know the number of
people I know who were touched by the
Second Intifada like I was there during
times where you know a cafe would just
blow up down the street so like they
have been thoroughly disabused of the
idea that I think I think that many of
them have given up on the idea that
there could be peace in the short term
so what can you do right now to make
things a little bit better you can
improve economic life for people for
Palestinians living in the West Bank and
you can try and shrink the conflict
meaning no settlement expansion and I
would say pull out of some of these
settled Jewish settlements that are like
you know far-flung and that the Israeli
army is sort of protecting for no reason
but I think that's the best case
scenario for right now for Rome there's
a there's a book I think it's called on
catch 67 by Mika Goodman that I would
recommend to people that's about how to
shrink the conflict and that for now
being the best-case scenario but again
it's like why does you have to ask
yourself like why does
in the world obsessed about this
particular conflict yeah there's a weird
obsession with it why do you think that
is I think it's inescapable that part of
it is an obsession with the Jews like
there are 500,000 Palestinians living in
Lebanon most of whom live in refugee
camps and by official Lebanese law are
barred from being lawyers from being
doctors for being accountants it's a
horrible situation do you think most
people in the world know about the
situation of the Palestinian image
duration in Lebanon they don't even know
Palestinians are are in Lebanon or in
Jordan they've no idea the reason is
because you know it's like Palestinian
lives matter when the people that are
hurting them are Jews they don't seem to
matter when the people that are hurting
them are other Arabs that's one of the
things that I wanted to talk to you
about it's that this acceptance of
anti-semitism almost globally is unique
it's not it's a it's a weird racism or a
weird discrimination oh it's weird it
doesn't it doesn't parallel with any
other sort of discrimination right it's
like people aren't sitting around
thinking about how you know left-handed
people or Koreans are uniquely evil like
they're sitting around thinking about
that with regard to the Jews there's
going to be a certain amount of
population a certain percentage of the
population no matter what that's gonna
hold those beliefs and these have been
passed down for thousands of years yes
and the challenge is to keep society as
like healthy as possible to keep those
forces at bay really I mean it's it's
really it's unbelievable the extent to
which it's it's become accepted like
I'll give you an example like there was
um and this is the way that anti-zionism
presents itself the anti-zionism i think
is the modern form one of the
modern forms of anti-semitism because
what else do you call a movement that
says that the Jewish state that already
exists does not have a right to exist
like that sounds like oh that's like a
cool theory but it's like it exists they
live there they are surrounded by people
that want to murder them so what are you
suggesting that it just like goes away
like the effect of it would be nothing
less than unbelievable bloodshed and yet
lots of people in this world are going
around Saint calling themselves anti
Zionist do you think that they've it
seems like almost a sentiment that gets
expressed that hasn't been really
examined yes so it's a criticism of
Israel like people should be Israeli
government is full of like lunatics just
like our government just like any other
normal country but it's like Israel's
not treated like a normal country it's
treated in a way like this has these
superpowers both superpowers to like
effect peace in the Middle East and
superpowers to like like a supervillain
it's both at once
people hate a country that doesn't exist
and they love a country that doesn't
exist they project themselves and their
ideas of things on to this place and
it's just like a normal country that's
where it's it's so strange because
that's where there really doesn't seem
to be a way out of this because it's an
idea that's now that hasn't been fully
explored but has been expressed so
frivolously almost mm-hmm well it's just
it's like if you think about think about
if there was a movement in the world
that suggested that you know the
Japanese weren't a real people and the
in Japan does not have a right to exist
like think about how crazy that sounds
right but that's a normal thing that a
lot of people believe a lot of people
that you and I know why did you write
the book well what was what was your
goal like when you when you sat down you
decided you're gonna write this book how
to fight anti-semitism what what were
you thinking well first of all I wrote I
was supposed to write another book that
I'm still on the hook for I went and
begged a publisher to do
because after Pittsburgh I just kind of
couldn't stop saying it everywhere I
looked um
and honestly like yeah I think a
Pittsburgh hadn't happened I wouldn't
have written this first but I just
became so passionate about it and so
passionate about here's I think maybe
the shortest answer for this when we
talk about anti-semitism even you and I
like we think about Jews like the Jews
on the streets of Brooklyn or in
Pittsburgh or in that synagogue in
California as being the victims of it
but the act and they are but the real
bigger victim of it is the surrounding
society like when anti-semitism shows
itself in a culture it means that that
culture is extremely broken or in some
stage of death and the reason that I
think it's so important and the reason I
ultimately wrote the book is I want
people to understand that the fact that
anti-semitism is rising in America says
nothing about Jews it says everything
about America and where we are right now
like we don't want to be come a place
where anti-semitism is normalized
because guess what societies were
anti-semitism become normalized or
societies that no longer exist on the
face of the earth
I like how you described in your book as
a symptom like that we all have certain
bacteria or we all have certain viruses
but our immune system keeps them at bay
when those viruses show themselves it's
a it's a sign that the immune system is
weak that the body itself is weak yes
that's exactly right
couldn't said it better that's all I
said yeah I think that's true and the
question right is how do we rebuild back
our immune system and one of the reasons
that I'm alarmed by and I completely
understand the populist moment but I'm
also scared of it because populism often
does not end well for Jews or for the
political center and I think one one of
the reasons that we need to like how do
we rebuild our immune system like those
are the sort of things that I suggest in
the last chapter of the book and I think
I just I just hope we can do them
because I'm really really alarmed that
we're living in an America in 2020 where
people I know you know who wear a Jewish
star like put it inside their shirt when
they walk down the street that's crazy
mmm like that's crazy to me imagine if
that was a crucifix exactly and fear
yeah I mean to say nothing by the way of
like Jews in France that have you know
they've been hiding themselves for a
very very long time
that's normal they're you know a lot of
Jews I know are taking shooting lessons
I just had a guy reach out to me that
was like I read your book I've read your
speeches I think you're great but none
of them are gonna help you if someone
attacks you on the street let me teach
you like Krav Maga self-defense
something to do that are you really
oh yeah of course I am aghast legit yeah
I'm definitely doing it basically take
the best aspects of all martial arts and
combine them together striking grappling
self-defense techniques I'm gonna do it
you get a gun I can't I live in New York
you can get a gun in New York no really
yeah it's not that hard I have to say I
hate like the few times that I've gone
shooting I hate it yeah I really do
dresses me out okay I'll go with you I
might enjoy it more okay I'll do it okay
are you serious yeah I'll take you for
sure next time you're in town I'll take
you to tear and tactical the other light
up some target let's do it okay I think
I should know how to shoot yeah shoot
right yeah um the other thing I was
thinking about is like what would it
look like if you got some like of your
MMA buddies to put on you know to dress
like Hasidic Jews and walk around
Brooklyn in the next few months
okay like they have they have things to
do they can't go out vigilante style and
why superheroes it would go away like
seriously it's like they're these guys
are being preyed on because because the
people attacking them know they're not
gonna fight back Ryan I see what you
what if they go with your bunch of guy
the guy just like wrexham yeah you know
you get enough of those enough viral
videos maybe the whole thing will die
down um that is I think that's a
simplistic view
and yeah it doesn't usually work that
way works got way in comic books maybe
yeah listen Barry thank you so much your
book is about is out right now how to
fight anti-semitism available everywhere
there's also an excellent audio book
that I was listening to you're really
good narrating it thank you very much
thank you
bye everybody
[Applause]
[Music]